ID: 660	TITLE: Three on a Match	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Three women who were childhood schoolmates take different paths in life. Vivian marries a very wealthy lawyer and has an adorable boy. Mary, on the other hand, takes the hard road through reform school. After a superstitious faux pas, Vivian's luck turns. She strays from her steadfast husband to a life of debauchery and alcoholism. Meanwhile, Mary turns her life around and not only wins the heart of Vivian's ex-husband, but also becomes a loving step-mother to Vivian's only child. Then Vivian's worthless boyfriend makes a desperate move.
ID: 661	TITLE: Tiger Shark	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Mike is a great tuna fisherman though he lost a hand to a shark years earlier saving Pipes Boley. Now Mike is happily married to Quita and doesn't notice that Pipes and Quita are falling for each other.
ID: 662	TITLE: Trouble in Paradise	GENRE: Comedy, Crime, Romance	PLOT: High class European thief Gaston Monescu meets his soul mate Lily, a pickpocket masquerading as a countess. The two join forces and come under the employ of Mme. Colet, the beautiful owner of the Colet perfume company. Gaston works as Mme. Colet's personal secretary under the alias Monsieur La Valle. Rumors start to fly as 'M. La Valle' steals Mme. Colet away from her other suitors. When the secret of his true identity catches up to him, Gaston is caught between the two beautiful women.
ID: 663	TITLE: Union Depot	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Among the travelers of varied backgrounds that meet and interact on one night at Union Depot, a metropolitan train station, are Chick and his friend Scrap Iron, both newly released from prison after serving time for vagrancy. Hungry and desperate for a break, Chick fortuitously comes across across a valise abandoned by a drunken traveler. In it he finds a shaving kit and a suit of clothes with a bankroll, which help transform the affable tramp into a dashing gent. After buying himself a meal, Chick seeks some female companionship among the many hustlers who walk the station. He propositions Ruth Collins, a stranded, out-of-work showgirl and takes her to the station's hotel. However, he quickly realizes she's not a streetwalker but another hard luck victim of the Depression. Touched by the Ruth's sincerity, he vows to help her buy a ticket to Salt Lake City, where a job awaits her. Scrap Iron is lucky too, stumbling across a wallet with a claim check discarded by a pickpocket. When Chick claims the violin case, he finds it filled with cash, unbeknownst to him, counterfeit. As he buys Ruth a new dress and train ticket, the real counterfeiter and secret servicemen begin closing in on them.
ID: 664	TITLE: Virtue	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: A relationship gradually develops between a savvy New York street girl and a good-hearted cab driver, but other matters keep getting in their way, including financial problems and a murder.
ID: 665	TITLE: West of Broadway	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: Jerry Seevers returns from World War I service broken in health and his doctor tells him he has only six months to live. His fiancée jilts him and he sets out to drink himself to death. In one of his binges he wakes up to find himself married to what the assumes is a gold-digger after his money. He leaves her and goes to a ranch in Arizona and get rid of his new bride, who is really in love with him. He sets up divorce proceedings and then realizes he actually loves her.
ID: 666	TITLE: Ann Vickers	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: During WWI, Ann Vickers, a humanitarian who is just starting the adult phase of her life, wants to make a difference in the world - using her friend Dr. Malvina Wormser as a role model - but she also wants a fulfilling personal life. She isn't sure if she can accomplish both at the same time. So after a failed relationship with soldier Captain Lafe Resnick which includes a deeper personal tragedy for her, Ann decides instead to focus solely on her career. With a background in nursing and social work, she decides the area of her work will be in prison reform. Her lofty goals do not sit well with many of the male traditionalists in the field, they who may stop her from accomplishing what she wants, at her own personal reputation at risk. Although she has a multitude of wannabe suitors, it isn't until she meets Supreme Court judge Barney Dolphin that she contemplates having that fulfilling personal life at the same time as having a career. But the road to a possible happy ending for Ann and Barney will be a difficult one as he is already married (although he has long wanted a divorce, even before meeting Ann) and as he goes through a career threatening issue which may tarnish his good name.
ID: 667	TITLE: Baby Face	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: A young woman, sexually exploited all her life, decides to turn the tables and exploit the hapless men at a big city bank - by gleefully sleeping her way to the top.
ID: 668	TITLE: Bed of Roses	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Romantic drama about a young career girl who is swept off her feet by a shy florist, who fell in love with her after one glimpse through a shadowy window.
ID: 669	TITLE: The Bitter Tea of General Yen	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: The American missionary Megan Davis arrives in Shanghai during the Chinese Civil War to marry the missionary Dr. Robert Strife. However, Robert postpones their wedding to rescue some orphans in an orphanage in Chapei section that is burning in the middle of a battlefield. While returning to Shanghai with the children, they are separated in the crowd, Megan is hit in the head and knocked out, but is saved by General Yen and brought by train to his palace. As the days go by, the General's mistress Mah-Li becomes close to Megan and when she is accused of betrayal for giving classified information to the enemies, Megan asks for her life. The cruel General Yen falls in love for the naive and pure Megan and accepts her request to spare the life of Mah-Li against the will of his financial advisor Jones. Meanwhile Megan feels attracted by the powerful and gentle General Yen, but resists to his flirtation. When Mah-Li betrays General Yen and destroys his empire, Megan realizes that to be able to do good works, one has to have wisdom and decides to stay with him while the General drinks his bitter last tea.
ID: 670	TITLE: Bombshell	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Lola Burns is at the top of the pile in Hollywood. But life ain't easy, what with her father and brother always hanging around for handouts, and devious studio publicity honcho Space Hanlon cooking up endless lurid newspaper stories. Makes a girl want to give up pictures.
ID: 671	TITLE: Cavalcade	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: A cavalcade of English life from New Year's Eve 1899 until 1933 seen through the eyes of well-to-do Londoners Jane and Robert Marryot. Amongst events touching their family are the Boer War, the death of Queen Victoria, the sinking of the Titanic and the Great War.
ID: 672	TITLE: Christopher Strong	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: At a party for Bright Young Things, a "treasure hunt" for attractive yet virtuous people nets Sir Christopher Strong, M.P., and Lady Cynthia Darrington, dashing aviatrix. Their acquaintance is innocent at first; but after he sees her in a spectacular silver moth costume, virtue begins to wane. Against their wills, they are drawn into an affair whose consequences threaten Strong's happy marriage and both their careers.
ID: 673	TITLE: Dancing Lady	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Janie lives to dance and will dance anywhere, even stripping in a burlesque house. Tod Newton, the rich playboy, discovers her there and helps her get a job in a real Broadway musical being directed by Patch. Tod thinks he can get what he wants from Janie, Patch thinks Janie is using her charms rather than talent to get to the top, and Janie thinks Patch is the greatest. Steve, the stage manager, has the Three Stooges helping him manage all the show girls. Fred Astaire and Nelson Eddy make appearances as famous Broadway personalities.
ID: 674	TITLE: Design for Living	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Two Americans sharing a flat in Paris, playwright Tom Chambers and painter George Curtis, fall for free-spirited Gilda Farrell. When she can't make up her mind which one of them she prefers, she proposes a "gentleman's agreement": She will move in with them as a friend and critic of their work, but they will never have sex. But when Tom goes to London to supervise a production of one of his plays, leaving Gilda alone with George, how long will their gentleman's agreement last?
ID: 675	TITLE: We're Not Married!	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: A Justice of the Peace performed weddings a few days before his license was valid. A few years later five couples learn they have never been legally married. Annabel Norris, already Mrs. Mississippi and ready to enter the Mrs. America contest, is now free to enter the Miss Mississippi contest.
ID: 676	TITLE: Employees' Entrance	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Kurt Anderson is the tyrannical manager of a New York department store in financial straits. He thinks nothing of firing an employee of more than 20 years or of toying with the affections of every woman he meets. One such victim is Madeline, a beautiful young woman in need of a job. Anderson hires her as a salesgirl, but not before the two spend the night together. Madeline is ashamed, especially after she falls for Martin West, a rising young star at the store. Her biggest fear is that Martin finds out the truth about her "career move."
ID: 677	TITLE: Ever in My Heart	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: In 1909 Mary Archer, daughter of small-town bluebloods, awaits the return from Germany of sometime beau Jeff. But Jeff brings with him a German friend, Hugo Wilbrandt, who loves and marries Mary. Hugo joins the faculty of a small college and the Wilbrandts prosper...until the advent of World War I brings a storm of anti-German hatred. Resulting troubles so embitter Hugo that he regrets his American citizenship...
ID: 678	TITLE: Female	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Alison is owner and successful manager of an automobile factory. She also has a good relation to her employees - especially the male ones, which she is known to invite to her bed for some time and then dump quickly. Only the inventor Jim Thorne refuses her offers - will she fire or marry him?
ID: 679	TITLE: Flying Down to Rio	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Aviator and band leader Roger Bond is forever getting his group fired for flirting with the lady guests. When he falls for Brazilian beauty Belinha de Rezende it appears to be for real, even though she is already engaged. His Yankee Clippers band is hired to open the new Hotel Atlântico in Rio and Roger offers to fly Belinha part way home. After a mechanical breakdown and forced landing, Roger is confident and makes his move, but Belinha plays hard to get. She can't seem to decide between Roger and her fiance Júlio. When performing the airborne production number to mark the Hotel's opening, Júlio gets some intriguing ideas...
ID: 680	TITLE: Footlight Parade	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Chester Kent produces musical comedies on the stage. With the beginning of the talkies era he changes to producing short musical prologues for movies. This is stressful to him, because he always needs new units and his rival is stealing his ideas. He can get an contract with a producer if he is able to stage in three days three new prologues. In spite of great problems, he does it.
ID: 681	TITLE: 42nd Street	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Renowned Broadway producer/director Julian Marsh is hired to put together a new musical revue. It's being financed by Abner Dillon to provide a starring vehicle for his girlfriend, songstress Dorothy Brock. Marsh, who is quite ill, is a difficult task master working long hours and continually pushing the cast to do better. When Brock breaks her ankle one of the chorus girls, Peggy Sawyer, gets her big chance to be the star. She also finds romance along the way.
ID: 682	TITLE: Gabriel Over the White House	GENRE: Drama, Fantasy, Romance	PLOT: A political hack becomes President during the height of the Depression and undergoes a metamorphosis into an incorruptible statesman after a near-fatal accident.
ID: 683	TITLE: Paid to Love	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: An American banker goes to a small Balkan country looking to invest his bank's money and shore up the country's weak economy in order to maximize the return on their investment. Towards that end he befriends the country's king and they come up with a scheme to get the Crown Prince married, a prospect not particularly appealing to the Crown Prince--until he sees the beautiful cabaret dancer the pair has picked for him to marry.
ID: 684	TITLE: Going Hollywood	GENRE: Musical, Romance	PLOT: Sylvia is the French teacher at Briarcroft's School for Girls, but she wants to find romance. When she hears Bill on the radio, she decides to leave and thank him. But he is on his way to Hollywood with Lili to make a movie. When Sylvia gets to Hollywood, she finds that seeing Bill again is almost impossible, but she gets a job in the chorus. Then when Lili quits the picture, Sylvia is tapped to play her character. But the part she wants is with Bill, a part that Lili seems to have.
ID: 685	TITLE: Happy-Go-Lucky	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Poppy Cross is happy-go-lucky. At 30, she lives in Camden: cheeky, playful, frank while funny, and talkative to strangers. She's a conscientious and exuberant primary-school teacher, flatmates with Zoe, her long-time friend; she's close to one sister, and not so close to another. In this slice of life story, we watch her take driving lessons from Scott, a dour and tightly-wound instructor, take classes in flamenco dance from a fiery Spaniard, encounter a tramp in the night, and sort out a student's aggressive behavior with a social worker's help. Along the way, we wonder if her open attitude puts her at risk of misunderstanding or worse. What is the root of happiness?
ID: 686	TITLE: Hard to Handle	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Small time con artist Lefty Merrill has co-organized a crooked dance marathon and set-up his girlfriend to win the prize money. When his partner disappears with money before the contest is over, he's forced to come up with a series of cons to help pay it back.
ID: 687	TITLE: His Private Secretary	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Dick Wallace is a free-wheeling playboy adverse to working in his workaholic father's office and resisting his advice about the evils of wine, women, and song. He accidentally meets, falls in love with, and elopes with Marion Hall, a respectable, attractive ministers's granddaughter he meets at a gas station but his father assumes she's a gold-digger. When she comes to the senior Wallace's office, he hires her as his secretary and continue to resist young Dick's request that he meet his new wife, a situation that results in some awkward and amusing complications.
ID: 688	TITLE: Hold Your Man	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Eddie Hall and his partner Slim are a pair of nickel-and-dime con men on the hustle. Nearly caught by the police, Eddie ducks into Ruby Adams's apartment and convinces her to hide him. Ruby isn't averse to taking advantage of the gullible herself and has even tried to manipulate money out of Al, the square shooter from Cincinnati who adores her. Ruby and Eddie hit it off, but when Eddie accidentally kills a drunk who was pawing Ruby, he takes off and she ends up in a women's reformatory, where she discovers she is pregnant. Devastated at the thought that Eddie has deserted her, she doesn't realize that Eddie has undergone a great change--one that will have a powerful impact on her.
ID: 689	TITLE: He Was Her Man	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Dan Curly sends two hitmen to kill double-crossing Flicker Hayes, who retreats to a small village with ex-prostitute Rose to hide.
ID: 690	TITLE: I'm No Angel	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: The bold Tira works as dancing beauty and lion tamer at a fair. Out of an urgent need of money, she agrees to a risky new number: she'll put her head into a lion's muzzle! With this attraction the circus makes it to New York and Tira can persue her dearest occupation: flirting with rich men and accepting expensive presents. Among the guys she searches the love of her life, from whom she only knows from a fortune-teller that he'll be rich and have black hair. When she finally meets him, she becomes a victim of intrigue.
ID: 691	TITLE: The Beast	GENRE: Drama, Fantasy, Horror, Romance	PLOT: Under the condition that within six months from the death of the accomplished businessman Philip Broadhurst, his beloved daughter and heiress to his immense fortune Lucy gets married to Marquis Pierre de l'Esperance's son Mathurin, innocent fair Lucy heads with her aunt to the crumbling estate of her soon-to-be husband. But the once noble estate is nestled deep in the French dense woods, where centuries ago, a wild and ravenous supernatural beast roamed the very forests driven by a raw and unquenchable lust for virginal unprotected girls. Before long, young Lucy completely unaware of the menacing legend and the strange rumours that cloud the family's name will begin experiencing appalling, yet sensually charged visions of an unprecedented vividness. Is there a bit of truth in the legend of the Beast of Gévaudan?
ID: 692	TITLE: Ladies They Talk About	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Attractive Nan, member of a bank-robbery gang, goes to prison thanks to evangelist Dave Slade...who loves her.
ID: 693	TITLE: The Little Giant	GENRE: Comedy, Crime, Romance	PLOT: Prohibition is ending so bootlegger Bugs Ahearn decides to crack California society. He leases a house from down-on-her-luck Ruth and hires her as social secretary. He rescues Polly Cass from a horsefall and goes home to meet her dad who sells him some phony stock certificates. When he learns about this he sends to Chicago for mob help.
ID: 694	TITLE: Little Women	GENRE: Drama, Family, Romance	PLOT: Louisa May Alcott's autobiographical account of her life with her three sisters in Concord, Massachusetts in the 1860s. With their father fighting in the American Civil War, sisters Jo, Meg, Amy and Beth are at home with their mother, a very outspoken women for her time. The story tells of how the sisters grow up, find love and find their place in the world.
ID: 695	TITLE: Man's Castle	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: 12 million Americans are out of work. Trina is homeless and hungry when Bill takes her under his wing, showing her a squatter's camp where she can live. She's soon in love with him, making a castle for him inside a shack; but he's bluff, gruff, and a "bindlestiff," a guy who can't stay put. When Trina tells Bill she's pregnant, he's ready to jump a freight train and move on, but first he wants to leave Trina with some money, so he partners up with Bragg, the camp's louse (who's been eyeing Trina), to rob a toy manufacturer. He's shot and the cops are closing in: does he have any options?
ID: 696	TITLE: The Mayor of Hell	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Five members of a teen-age gang, including leader Jimmy Smith, are sent to the State Reformatory, presided over by the melodramatically callous Thompson. Soon, Patsy Gargan, a former gangster appointed Deputy Commissioner as a political favor, arrives complete with hip flask and blonde. Gargan falls for activist nurse Dorothy and, inspired by her, takes over the administration to run the place on radical principles. But Thompson, to conceal his years of graft, needs a quick way to discredit Gargan...
ID: 697	TITLE: Midnight Mary	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: A young woman is on trial for murder. In flashback, we learn of her struggles to overcome poverty as a teenager -- a mistaken arrest and prison term for shoplifting and lack of employment lead to involvement with gangsters. In a brothel, she meets a young lawyer, scion of a wealthy and prestigious family, who falls for her and helps her turn around her life. But her past catches up with her, and she must face the music rather than cause him scandal.
ID: 698	TITLE: Morning Glory	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Becky (Rachel McAdams) is a hard-working morning TV show producer, or at least she was until she got fired. Desperate to get a job, she finally gets an interview with Jerry (Jeff Goldblum) - who is desperate to hire a producer for the struggling show "Daybreak". Becky accepts the job and it proves to be more difficult than even she might be able to handle. She has to fire the sexist co-host, then try to convince egotistical news reporter, Mike Pomeroy (Harrison Ford), to take the job, and then try and get him to actually do the job, properly. And she has to do this while falling for handsome Adam (Patrick Wilson), and trying to save the show from plummeting ratings. Will Becky be able to hold on to her dream job and her sanity?
ID: 699	TITLE: One Sunday Afternoon	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Hugo and Biff were friends until they met Virginia. Biff could think of no one but Virginia, but she would never be happy with a big slow bully. So she married Hugo and Biff married Amy just because his Virginia got married. Amy loves Biff, but Biff constantly thinks of Virginia even after Hugo takes his job and has him put into prison for two years.
ID: 700	TITLE: Our Betters	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: American heiress Pearl Saunders marries Lord George Grayston but later sees him embracing his lover on their wedding day. She has his title and he has her money; thereafter they are rarely seen together. Pearl is accepted by the British aristocracy and is presented at court, but creates a scandal by wearing black. She encourages her younger sister, Bessie, who idolizes her, to respond to the attentions of Lord Harry Bleane despite Bessie preferring American Fleming Harvey. Pearl gives a weekend party at the Grayston estate inviting close friends, including her lover, Arthur Fenwick; her friend, Duchess Minnie and Minnie's gigolo companion, Pepi D'Costa; as well as Bessie, Lord Bleane and Harvey. Pepi, who had been meeting Pearl on the sly, discretely suggests a rendezvous with her in the new teahouse on the property. Both make some pretext to leave but are seen by Minnie entering the teahouse. Vindictive Minnie pretends to have left her purse in the teahouse and sends Bessie to fetch it. Bessie finds the door locked but peeks through the window and is shocked by what she sees. Minnie, Fenwick, and Bessie are outraged at the lovers' ill-advised meeting, but Pearl sets out to assuage their anger.
ID: 701	TITLE: Peg o' My Heart	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Peg and her father live a simple life in an Irish fishing village. One day Sir Gerald arrives at the village to tell Pat that Peg is heir to estate of her grandfather, who hated Pat. The upshot of the will is that she must go to England for 3 years to learn to be a lady and that Pat can never see her again. Pat does not tell Peg about his part of the will and sends her to live with Mrs. Chichester for her education. Peg soon finds that Alaric needs to marry her, but she wants Gerald who is engaged to Ethyl who wants Brent whose wife will not divorce him.
ID: 702	TITLE: Penthouse	GENRE: Crime, Mystery, Romance	PLOT: Racketeer Tony Gazotti is thankful that lawyer Jackson Durant helps him beat a murder rap, but Durant just does it for the thrill of it and refuses payment. Durant's defense of mobsters causes his firm to disown him and his girlfriend Sue to leave him. But when young Tom Siddall, Sue's new boyfriend, is framed for a murder, she is the first to come asking for Durant's help. Durant uses Gazotti's information network and the help of new girlfriend Gertie Waxted to find that rival gangster Jim Crelliman is involved in the framing of Siddall. When Durant sends Gertie to Crelliman's apartment in a bid to blow open the case, she is walking on thin ice.
ID: 703	TITLE: The Pharmacist	GENRE: Comedy, Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Hella is around 30 and works in a pharmacy. She is waiting for the right man to step into her life, but as she has a certain affinity for losers, she is kind of disillusionized. When she gets to know Levin, a dentist student who likes cars most, her dreams seem to come true. Levin has a very rich grandfather who likes her at first glance. The old man thinks of changing his last will to the condition that Levin has to marry Hella in order to inherit his fortunes. Like in a fairy-tale the door to a new life opens for Hella, but can she take it?
ID: 704	TITLE: Popeye the Sailor	GENRE: Animation, Comedy, Family, Romance	PLOT: The continuing animated adventures of Olive Oyl, Wimpy, Swee'pea and Popeye.
ID: 705	TITLE: The Prizefighter and the Lady	GENRE: Comedy, Crime, Romance	PLOT: Steve is just a heavy duty bartender when Edwin J. Bennett, known as the Professor, starts training him for the ring. While doing road work, he is almost killed by a speeding car which crashes into a ditch. In the car is Belle Mercer and her driver. Steve takes Belle to a farmhouse and is smitten by her, but she is Willie Ryan's Girl. The fight is a breeze and later, Steve again meets Belle with Willie. That night, Steve and Belle disappear and return married, much to the disappointment of Ryan. Then Steve starts training in ernest and is 19 for 19 in the ring. However, he has an eye for the women and an expanding ego to match.
ID: 706	TITLE: Queen Christina	GENRE: Biography, Drama, History, Romance	PLOT: Queen Christina of Sweden is a dominant European ruler in the 17th century, and has never thought of romance. However, she accidentally and secretly falls in love with an emissary from Spain, even though a marriage between the two seems out of the question.
ID: 707	TITLE: Rafter Romance	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: A man and a woman share an apartment on a shift basis, never seeing each other; she dislikes him until they actually meet.
ID: 708	TITLE: Riders of Destiny	GENRE: Music, Romance, Western	PLOT: Kincade controls the area's water supply and is about to force the ranchers into contracts at exorbitant rates. Government Agent Saunders has a plan that will open up the lost river and dry up Kincade's supply. So he gets the ranchers to insist on a clause that Kincade's land will revert to the public if he fails to deliver water.
ID: 709	TITLE: Roman Scandals	GENRE: Comedy, Fantasy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: A kind-hearted young man is thrown out of his corrupt home town of West Rome, Oklahoma. He falls asleep and dreams that he is back in the days of olden Rome, where he gets mixed up with court intrigue and a murder plot against the Emperor.
ID: 710	TITLE: Secret of the Blue Room	GENRE: Drama, Horror, Mystery, Romance, Thriller	PLOT: Twenty years after 3 murders occur in a castle's "blue room", three men who each want to marry a beautiful girl decide to spend a night in the room to prove their bravery to her.
ID: 711	TITLE: Secrets	GENRE: Short, Drama, Romance	PLOT: One night, five teens and a deck of cards. Deception. Revenge. Sex. ...and it's all about to explode.
ID: 712	TITLE: Ruby Red	GENRE: Drama, Fantasy, Mystery, Romance, Sci-Fi	PLOT: Gwendolyn Shepherd is actually a very normal 16-year-old teen. What's annoying is that her family definitely has a tad too many secrets. They all have to do with the time-travel gene that is passed down in the family. Everyone is certain that Gwen's cousin Charlotte has the gene, and so everything is all Charlotte, all the time. Until the day Gwen, out of the clear blue sky, suddenly finds herself in London at the end of the 19th century. She knows right away that she, and not Charlotte, was born to be a time traveler - even if she could certainly do without it. Just as she could do without Charlotte's arrogant boyfriend Gideon de Villiers, with whom she now has to forge an alliance in order to clear up the biggest secret of her family history. One thing is clear: she will do everything possible to solve the ancient mysteries. What isn't clear is that one should not fall in love between the times. For that really makes things complicated!
ID: 713	TITLE: She Done Him Wrong	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, History, Musical, Romance	PLOT: New York singer and nightclub owner Lady Lou has more men friends than you can imagine, unfortunately one of them is a vicious criminal who's escaped and is on the way to see "his" girl, not realizing she hasn't exactly been faithful in his absence. Help is at hand in the form of young Captain Cummings, a local temperance league leader, though.
ID: 714	TITLE: A Shriek in the Night	GENRE: Crime, Mystery, Romance, Thriller	PLOT: Pat Morgan and Ted Kord are rival newspaper reporters always trying to outscoop each other. They join together to solve a series of murders being committed in an apartment building.
ID: 715	TITLE: The Song of Songs	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Country orphan Lily goes to Berlin to stay with her tippling aunt, and soon meets Richard, handsome sculptor across the street. Persuaded half-reluctantly to pose for Richard, her physical charms (shown as fully as 1933 mores permitted) soon melt away his 'strictly business' attitude, and they become lovers. But Richard, wanting his freedom, connives at her marriage to his wealthy client Baron von Merzbach... whose household includes a jealous former mistress and a susceptible farm manager. Has Richard still a role to play in her life?
ID: 716	TITLE: State Fair	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Farm family Frake, with discontented daughter Margy, head for the Iowa State Fair. On the first day, both Margy and brother Wayne meet attractive new flames; so does father's prize hog, Blue Boy. As the fair proceeds, so do the romances; must lovers separate when the fair closes?
ID: 717	TITLE: Today We Live	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: The two lovers are living together and are not married as they hesitantly explain to her brother. They had made a promise as children to get married when they grew up, but they "didn't wait." It's an important plot point as it drives Cooper's actions when he discovers that Crawford and Young are living in sin.
ID: 718	TITLE: Torch Singer	GENRE: Drama, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Sally Trent has an illegitimate child, but cannot support her and gives the baby up for adoption. The father, Michael Gardner, leaves for China not knowing about the baby, and she assumes he has abandoned her for life. She gets a job as a torch singer, changes her name to Mimi Benton, and becomes notorious for her drinking and philadering. Mimi fills in on a children's radio program as the character "Aunt Jenny," singing and telling bedtime stories, and eventually uses the airtime to find her long lost daughter, part with her wild lifestyle, and reunite with Michael.
ID: 719	TITLE: The Vampire Bat	GENRE: Drama, Horror, Mystery, Romance, Sci-Fi	PLOT: When the villagers of Klineschloss start dying of blood loss, the town fathers suspect a resurgence of vampirism. While police inspector Karl remains skeptical, scientist Dr. von Niemann cares for the vampire's victims one by one, and suspicion falls on simple-minded Herman Gleib because of his fondness for bats. A blood-thirsty mob hounds Gleib to his death, but the vampire attacks don't stop.
