ID: 635	TITLE: G-Men from Hell	GENRE: Action, Comedy, Adventure	PLOT: Dean Crept and Mike Mattress are two government agents, 'G-men' whom are murdered in an ambush and sent straight to the hot and fiery realm of hell. Dean and Mike manage to escape using a magical dimension traveling crystal to land them back on Earth where they decide to open their own private investigating service, with some stolen money from their killer Buster Lloyd, and soon land a fashionable office space with an attractive and loyal secretary-of-all-trades named Marete. Dean and Mike's first job is to help a mysterious femme fatal named Gloria Lake who fears her wealthy husband is plotting to swindle out of her inheritance. But before that can happen, the husband is murdered, and Dean and Mike are the suspects. With a relentless police detective tailing them, Dean and Mike try to solve the case, while dealing with the Devil's agent who follows them up from hell to bring them back within 46 hours.
ID: 636	TITLE: G'Men 2020	GENRE: Action	PLOT: The U.S. Government assembles a combined "law enforcement and intelligence unit" to counter attack international terrorism.
ID: 637	TITLE: The Last Days of Pompeii	GENRE: Action, Adventure, History, Romance	PLOT: Based on the Edward Bulwer-Lytton novel. Set in the shadows of Mt. Vesuvius just before its famous eruption, the film begins with Glaucus, a Roman legionnaire, returning to his home from far-off wars. Upon arriving, however, he discovers that his father has been murdered by a gang of black-hooded looting bandits. Glaucus vows revenge against the killers, but just how high up are those involved?
ID: 638	TITLE: Paradise Canyon	GENRE: Action, Adventure, Crime, Music, Western	PLOT: Sent to find counterfeiters, John Wyatt joins Doc Carter's medicine show. They arrive in the town where Curly Joe runs his counterfeiting operation. Carter was once framed by Curly Joe and Curly Joe tries to get rid of him. But John foils his attempts and learning Curly Joe is the counterfeiter, goes after him.
ID: 639	TITLE: Rainbow Valley	GENRE: Action, Romance, Western	PLOT: Rainbow Valley needs a new road and newcomer John Martin agrees to build it. Rogers is out to stop it and alters the town's petition to the Governor thereby obtaining the release of his boss Butch Galt. John and Butch were cell mates in prison. So Butch gets John to agree to wreck the road and furnishes him with dynamite. But dynamite is just what John needs to finish the work and he hopes to take care of Butch's gang at the same time.
ID: 640	TITLE: Rendezvous	GENRE: Short, Action	PLOT: It is an early, flaming morning of August and Paris slowly begins to wake up. In the stillness, where the dimming lights of the city battle with the coming of the day, a mighty mechanical roar breaks the silence. Without a doubt, it is the unmistakable and distinct sound of a V-12 engine that belongs to a Ferrari 275GTB, revving and shifting up gears as it enters furiously the tunnel at Porte Dauphine. In the same fashion, as it exits up on the Avenue des Champs-Élysées, flat out, the driver aims for the Place de la Concorde heading for the Palais Garnier, in a mad dash down-shifting inside the heart of the city. In squealing tyres, the mighty noise is scattering pigeons and petrified pedestrians across the way, while the car enters narrow, slippery cobbled roads with early morning drivers. Now, it is clear enough that this heart-pounding, nerve-wracking ride continues its course towards the Place Pigalle. With the final destination at the Basilique du Sacré-Coeur and with a last blind hairpin remaining that could turn one's hair grey, the intrepid driver reaches the end of this high-adrenaline ride. Who will be waiting for him at the finish line?
ID: 641	TITLE: Texas Terror	GENRE: Action, Adventure, Drama, Western	PLOT: Sheriff John Higgins quits and goes into prospecting after he thinks he has killed his best friend in shooting it out with robbers. He encounters his dead buddy's sister and helps her run her ranch. Then she finds out about his past.
ID: 642	TITLE: The Charge of the Light Brigade	GENRE: Action, Adventure, Romance, War	PLOT: Major Vickers is an officer at the 27th Lancers in India 1856. When the regiment is on maneuver, the barracks are attacked by Surat Khan and his soldiers who massacre British women and children. This leaves an inextinguishable memory and Vickers promises to revenge the dead.
ID: 643	TITLE: Flash Gordon	GENRE: Action, Adventure, Sci-Fi	PLOT: Flash Gordon is an American football hero who is skyjacked aboard Dr. Hans Zarkov's rocketship along with his beautiful girlfriend Dale Arden. The threesome are drawn into the influence of the planet Mongo, ruled by Emperor Ming the Merciless. The evil Ming has been testing Earth with unnatural disasters, and deeming our world a threat to his rule. He also intends to take Dale as his concubine, attempts to execute Flash and intends to destroy Earth. Flash must avoid the amorous attentions of Ming's daughter, and unite the warring kingdoms of Mongo to rescue Dale and save our world.
ID: 644	TITLE: Fury	GENRE: Action, Drama, War	PLOT: 1945, in World War II Germany, the tough Sergeant Don 'Wardaddy' Collier commands a tank and survives a German attack with his veteran crew composed of Boyd 'Bible' Swan, Trini 'Gordo' Garcia and Grady 'Coon-Ass' Travis. He receives a rookie soldier Norman Ellison as the substitute for his deceased gunner and he tries to harden the youth along the way.
ID: 645	TITLE: Double Trouble	GENRE: Action, Comedy, Crime	PLOT: Muscle-bound twins try to smash a jewel smuggling ring.
ID: 646	TITLE: Sabotage	GENRE: Action, Crime, Drama, Thriller, Western	PLOT: An elite DEA team raids the safe house of a drug cartel and hide $10 million in the plumbing. When they go back to retrieve the money it is not there. The team is under investigation for the missing $10 million. Then after a couple months the investigation is lifted. The team trains together again and then celebrates at a strip club. Then one of the team is murdered. He wakes up in his RV on railroad tracks. Then a second team member is nailed to the ceiling. The third team member is gunned down at his remote cabin. There is a female City of Atlanta investigator in charge of the murders. After investigating the cartel angle, the twisted truth comes to light.
ID: 647	TITLE: Tarzan Escapes	GENRE: Action, Adventure	PLOT: Jane's cousins Rita and Eric Parker arrive in Africa searching for her. Their uncle has died and has left her half a million pounds provided she agrees to return to civilization. A professional hunter, Captain Fry, quickly agrees to escort them to the escarpment where rumor has it there there lives a great white ape. He's intrigued when told that the great white ape is likely Tarzan and his plan is to capture him and put him on display. When they all find each other, Jane agrees to return to London if only to ensure that her cousins get their late uncle's wealth. Fry manipulates Tarzan into believing that Jane will never return only to trap him. When Jane and the others are taken prisoner by warring tribesmen, it's left to Tarzan to rescue them.
ID: 648	TITLE: Three Godfathers	GENRE: Action, Drama, Western	PLOT: Four outlaws come to New Jerusalem, a town full of courteous and religious people, to rob the bank. After shooting the president of the bank, only three make it out of town followed by the posse. By the time they get to the second desert water hole, they find it dry and also find a wagon with a dying mother and baby. When the horses are dead the next morning, the three outlaws have no choice but to try to walk back to New Jerusalem and only two want to take the baby.
ID: 649	TITLE: Angel	GENRE: Action, Drama, Fantasy, Thriller	PLOT: The vampire Angelus, now known as Angel, has a human soul, but committed terrible crimes in the past. Seeking forgiveness and trying to redeem himself, he moves from Sunnydale (and a relationship with Buffy Summers, of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer") to Los Angeles, where he helps the downtrodden by thwarting the supernatural creatures that prey on them.
ID: 650	TITLE: Conquest	GENRE: Action, Adventure, Fantasy, Horror	PLOT: Italian sword and sorcery epic from splatter director Lucio Fulci loosely inspired from the Hercules mythos about two warriors on a quest and a vengeful demon who throws all kinds of nasty creatures along the way to fill scenes of gory violence.
ID: 651	TITLE: Dick Tracy	GENRE: Action, Comedy, Crime, Music, Romance, Thriller	PLOT: All Tess Trueheart wants is to settle down to a quiet life with her boyfriend, detective Dick Tracy. But there's something pretty rotten going on in town, with someone pretty rotten behind it, and Tracy has his hands full with the likes of villain Big Boy Caprice and with the almost irresistible Breathless Mahoney.
ID: 652	TITLE: Easy Living	GENRE: Action, Drama, Thriller	PLOT: A corrupt businessman and family man attempts to navigate his way through increasing domestic, legal, and financial problems.
ID: 653	TITLE: In Old Chicago	GENRE: Action, Drama, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Story of the great fire of 1871. Fictional story of two sons of Mrs. O'Leary (the owner of the cow which started the fire), one a rogue (Power) the other a lawyer (Ameche). One of the most expensive films of its time ($1.8 million).
ID: 654	TITLE: Another Public Enemy	GENRE: Action, Drama	PLOT: A public prosecutor looks to bring down a corrupt public official.
ID: 780	TITLE: If You Could Only Cook	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Auto magnate James Buchanan has a fiancée who doesn't love him and a board of directors who won't listen to him. Brooding on a park bench, he meets unemployed Joan Hawthorne, a fine cook who needs a partner to apply for a 'couple' butler/cook job with gourmet ex-bootlegger Mike Rossini. Bemused, Buchanan goes along with the gag, taking lessons from his own butler. But there's sure to be a day of reckoning...
ID: 781	TITLE: Carnival in Flanders	GENRE: Comedy, History, Romance	PLOT: When the village of Boom, in Flanders, learns a Spanish Duke and his troops plan to pass the night, the 4-man army deserts and the Mayor plays dead; so the Mayor's wife organizes the townswomen to greet the invaders and preserve the peace with womanly wiles.
ID: 782	TITLE: Mad Love	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: The high-school student Matt Leland lives with his twin brother and sister and his father in a house by the lake. When the teenager Casey Roberts moves to the house on the other side of the lake, Matt snoops into her room with his telescope. They meet each other and soon they fall in love with each other. One day, Matt is taking a test at school and Casey activates the fire alarm to stop the test. She is suspended and her father decides to check her into a psychiatric institution. However Matt breaks her out of the hospital. They travel in Matt's car and have lots of fun until the day Matt discovers that Casey has bipolar disorder with periods of depression and periods of elevated mood. When she tries to commit suicide, Matt realizes that she needs specialized help.
ID: 783	TITLE: Magnificent Obsession	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: When churlish, spoiled rich man Bob Merrick foolishly wrecks his speed boat, the rescue team resuscitates him with equipment that's therefore unavailable to aid a local hero, Dr. Wayne Phillips, who dies as a result. Phillips had helped many people, and when Merrick learns Phillips' secret, to give selflessly and in secret, he tries it in a ham-handed way. The result further alienates Phillips' widow, Helen, with whom Merrick has fallen in love. Merrick's persistence causes another tragedy, and he must remake his life, including going back to medical school, in an attempt to make amends and win her love.
ID: 784	TITLE: A Midsummer Night's Dream	GENRE: Comedy, Fantasy, Romance	PLOT: Shakespeare's intertwined love polygons begin to get complicated from the start--Demetrius and Lysander both want Hermia but she only has eyes for Lysander. Bad news is, Hermia's father wants Demetrius for a son-in-law. On the outside is Helena, whose unreturned love burns hot for Demetrius. Hermia and Lysander plan to flee from the city under cover of darkness but are pursued by an enraged Demetrius (who is himself pursued by an enraptured Helena). In the forest, unbeknownst to the mortals, Oberon and Titania (King and Queen of the faeries) are having a spat over a servant boy. The plot twists up when Oberon's head mischief-maker, Puck, runs loose with a flower which causes people to fall in love with the first thing they see upon waking. Throw in a group of labourers preparing a play for the Duke's wedding (one of whom is given a donkey's head and Titania for a lover by Puck) and the complications become fantastically funny.
ID: 785	TITLE: The Murder Man	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Mystery, Romance	PLOT: Steve Grey, reporter for the Daily Star, has a habit of scooping all the other papers in town. When Henry Mander is investigated for the murder of his shady business partner, Grey is one step ahead of the police to the extent that he often dictates his story in advance of its actual occurrence. He leads the police through an 'open and shut' case resulting in Mander being tried, convicted and sentenced to death. Columnist Mary Shannon is in love with Steve but she sees him struggle greatly with his last story before Mander's execution. When she starts typing out the story from his recorded dictation, she realizes why.
ID: 786	TITLE: Mutiny on the Bounty	GENRE: Adventure, Biography, Drama, History, Romance	PLOT: Midshipman Roger Byam joins Captain Bligh and Fletcher Christian aboard HMS Bounty for a voyage to Tahiti. Bligh proves to be a brutal tyrant and, after six pleasant months on Tahiti, Christian leads the crew to mutiny on the homeward voyage. Even though Byam takes no part in the mutiny, he must defend himself against charges that he supported Christian.
ID: 787	TITLE: Naughty Marietta	GENRE: Drama, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Princess Marie de Namours de la Bonfain is a beautiful, young, sophisticated French princess of 23, who finds more worth in true love than a title. On the eve of her arranged marriage, to a Spanish-grandee, whom she doesn't love, her maid, Marietta comes to her to say farewell. Marietta is to leave that night on a cargo ship bound for New Orleans where she is to make a new life and find a husband. Princess Marie trades places with Marietta to escape her unwanted marriage and takes on the maid, Marietta's identity. While sailing, the cargo ship is taken hostage by pirates, but, Captain Richard Warrington and his mercenaries soon come to the rescue. Captain Warrington is quickly taken by the beautiful princess aka Marietta and she with him. But, he has no interest in marriage and she's afraid she might be recognized. Meanwhile in France, a search and reward is out for Princess Marie's whereabouts. Princess Marie's Uncle and fiancée soon discover that she is in New Orleans and sail for America. When they arrive Princess Maria's true identity is revealed. That eve, a elegant ball is thrown in her honor. Captain Warrington learns that the Princess will be sent back that night to France, but, he isn't going to let the women he loves get away that easy.
ID: 788	TITLE: No More Ladies	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: A society girl tries to reform her playboy husband by making him jealous.
ID: 789	TITLE: Page Miss Glory	GENRE: Comedy, Music, Romance	PLOT: Loretta Dalrymple, a homely young country girl comes to New York City and gets a job as a chambermaid in a large hotel. She meets Ed Olson, a photographer out of work, and Dan Riley, a promoter with nothing to promote. When an advertiser offers a reward for a photograph of 'America's Prettiest Girl,", Ed makes a composite photo of all the famous movie stars and society belles and calls the girl in his picture "Dawn Glory." A Dawn-Glory craze sweeps the country, and Loretta, with makeup and new clothes, turns out to be the reincarnation of the picture. Loretta has fallen in love with a newspaper picture of "Bingo" Russell, a famous aviator, and when Dan and Ed ask her to pose as Dawn Glory, she readily agrees, hoping she will get to meet Russell. She does meet him and, then, complications arise.
ID: 790	TITLE: Paradise Ranch	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Han Dong Joo (Max Changmin) and Lee Da Ji (Lee Yeon Hee) were once desperately in love and married at 19 after struggling to convince their parents, but they had divorced after a mere six months. Six years later, they meet coincidentally at a horse auction in Australia and discover that their feelings for each other are still very much alive.
ID: 791	TITLE: Peter Ibbetson	GENRE: Drama, Fantasy, Romance	PLOT: Architect Peter Ibbetson is hired by the Duke of Towers to design a building for him. Ibbetson discovers that the Duchess of Towers, Mary, is his now-grown childhood sweetheart. Their love revives, but Peter is sentenced to life in prison for an accidental killing. Mary comes to him in dreams and they are able to live out their romance in a dream world.
ID: 792	TITLE: Roberta	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Football player John Kent tags along as Huck Haines and the Wabash Indianians travel to an engagement in Paris, only to lose it immediately. John and company visit his aunt, owner of a posh fashion house run by her assistant, Stephanie. There they meet the singer Scharwenka (alias Huck's old friend Lizzie), who gets the band a job. Meanwhile, Madame Roberta passes away and leaves the business to John and he goes into partnership with Stephanie.
ID: 793	TITLE: Ruggles of Red Gap	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: While visiting Paris in 1908, upper class Lord Burnstead loses his butler playing poker. Egbert and Effie Floud bring Ruggles back to Red Gap, Washington. Effie wants to take advantage of Ruggles' upper class background to influence Egbert's hick lifestyle. However, Egbert is more interested in partying and he takes Ruggles to the local 'beer bust'. When word gets out that "Colonel Ruggles is staying with his close friends" in the local paper, the butler becomes a town celebrity. After befriending Mrs. Judson, a widow who he impresses with his culinary skills, Ruggles decides to strike out on his own and open a restaurant. His transition from servant to independent man will depend on its success.
ID: 794	TITLE: Star of Midnight	GENRE: Romance, Comedy, Mystery	PLOT: Friend Tim Winthrop asks criminal lawyer and amateur detective Clay Dalzell to find his girl, Alice, who disappeared a year earlier without a trace. When they go to the theater with Clay's would-be fiancée, Donna Mantin, Tim recognizes the star, Mary Smith, as his girl, and yells "Alice," after which she bolts from the stage and disappears once again. Reporter Tommy Tennant knows why she bolted, but before he can tell Clay the reason, he is shot dead and Clay is wounded slightly in Clay's apartment. The many suspects include Roger Classon and his wife, Jerry, who are looking for Alice to testify and save Roger's friend from the electric chair for a murder he didn't commit; Abe Ohlman, the producer of Mary's show; and gangster Jimmy Kinland who seems to know more than he's telling. It's up to Clay, with the help of Donna, to trap the murderer and find Alice.
ID: 795	TITLE: Steamboat Round the Bend	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Dr. John Pearly is an affable, turn-of-the-century con man who sells a patent medicine whose primary ingredient is whiskey. He resurrects a broken down steamboat with a makeshift crew and challenges the respectable but arrogant Captain Eli to a winner-take-all river race. Pearly hopes his nephew Duke will serve as pilot, but the young man stands accused of murdering a 'swamp rat' who threatened the honor of 'swamp girl' Fleety Belle. After Duke is arrested, Pearly tries to raise money for a lawyer by charging admission to a wax museum aboard his ship. Ultimately he gambles it all in the river race to Baton Rouge, where he hopes to find a witness whose testimony will free Duke.
ID: 796	TITLE: Sylvia Scarlett	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Escaping to England from a French embezzlement charge, widower Henry Scarlett is accompanied by daughter Sylvia who, to avoid detection, "disguises" herself as a boy, "Sylvester." They are joined by amiable con man Jimmy Monkley, then, after a brief career in crime, meet Maudie Tilt, a giddy, sexy Cockney housemaid who joins them in the new venture of entertaining at resort towns from a caravan. Through all this, amazingly no one recognizes that Sylvia is not a boy...until she meets handsome artist Michael Fane, and drama intrudes on the comedy.
ID: 797	TITLE: A Tale of Two Cities	GENRE: Drama, History, Romance	PLOT: An elaborate adaptation of Dickens' classic tale of the French Revolution. Dissipated lawyer Sydney Carton defends emigre Charles Darnay from charges of spying against England. He becomes enamored of Darnay's fiancée, Lucie Manette, and agrees to help her save Darnay from the guillotine when he is captured by Revolutionaries in Paris.
ID: 798	TITLE: Top Hat	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Showman Jerry Travers is working for producer Horace Hardwick in London. Jerry demonstrates his new dance steps late one night in Horace's hotel, much to the annoyance of sleeping Dale Tremont below. She goes upstairs to complain and the two are immediately attracted to each other. Complications arise when Dale mistakes Jerry for Horace.
ID: 799	TITLE: The Wedding Night	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Because his finances are low and he is seeking background for a new book, author Tony Barratt and his wife Dora return to his country home in Conneecticut. While he is finding a theme for his book on the lives and customs of the local, immigrant tobacco farmers, his wife returns to New York and, alas, his Japanese servant deserts him. He meets a neighboring farm girl, Manya Novak, and hires her to cook his meals and clean his house. They soon fall in love. But, following the customs of the old country, her father has entered a 'marriage bargain' for her to wed a man, Fredrik Sobieski, not of her choosing.
ID: 800	TITLE: Whipsaw	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Vivian, Ed and Harry steal jewels in Paris. In New York government agent McBride accompanies Vivian riding across the country with the loot. She falls in love with him and gives up crime; he finds the stash and arrests her. Rival crooks Doc and Steve, who had already stolen the stolen jewels once, attempt to take them once again.
ID: 801	TITLE: The Woman in Red	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Teddy is a middle-aged man who has a good wife, kids, friends and a fine job. You could say that he has everything he wants; but he doesn't. One day he sees a gorgeous woman in a red dress, and goes crazy! He must have her...
ID: 802	TITLE: The Amazing Adventure	GENRE: Drama, Romance, Comedy	PLOT: Ernest Bliss is a rich young man with too little to do. Not realizing the depression he's in is due to boredom, Ernest consults a doctor. Sir James Aldroyd gives Ernest a prescription that he doesn't think Ernest can fill: Ernest must earn his own living for one year using none of his current wealth. Ernest bets him 50,000 English pounds that he can.
ID: 803	TITLE: Anthony Adverse	GENRE: Adventure, Drama, Romance	PLOT: In late 18th century Italy, a beautiful young woman finds herself married to a rich but cruel older man. However, she is in love with another, younger man. When the husband finds out, he kills the lover in a swordfight, and takes his wife on a long trip throughout Europe. Months later, she dies giving birth to a son. The husband leaves the child at a convent, where he is raised until the age of 10; then he is apprenticed to a local merchant, who gives him the name "Anthony Adverse" because of the adversity in his life. But his adversity has only begun, as fate takes him to Cuba, Africa, and Paris.
ID: 804	TITLE: The Bride Walks Out	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Carolyn and Michael fall in love and decide to marry. However, Michael insists that Carolyn quit her job. She immediately realizes that he cannot make financial ends meet on their salary alone, so she gets another job & tries keeping it a secret, from him.
ID: 805	TITLE: Cain and Mabel	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: The managers of heavyweight champion Larry Cain and Broadway musical star Mabel O'Dare scheme up a romance to give the celebrities more glamour. But the two don't hit it off, having started on the wrong foot.
ID: 806	TITLE: Roaring Timber	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Jim Sherwood (Jack Holt), toughest logging boss in the timber country, takes on his toughest assignment when he agrees to cut an enormous volume of timber for Andrew MacKinley (J. Farrell ...
ID: 807	TITLE: Come and Get It	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: In 1884 lumberman Barney Glasgow leaves his true love, saloon singer Lotta Morgan, to marry Emma Louise, his boss's daughter. His buddy Swan Bostrom marries Lotta instead. Barney becomes a lumber magnate by stripping the Wisconsin forests, without re-planting. After 23 years, Barney finally visits Swan. Lotta has died, but Barney is smitten by their daughter Lotta Bostrom, who looks almost like her mother. His lavish attentions to Lotta create gossip and a rivalry between Barney and his son Richard.
ID: 808	TITLE: Desire	GENRE: Comedy, Crime, Romance	PLOT: Madeleine steals a string of pearls in Paris and uses US engineer Tom, who is driving on his vacation to Spain, to get the pearls out of France, but getting the pearls, back from him proves to be difficult without falling in love.
ID: 809	TITLE: Dodsworth	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: A bittersweet tale of the increasing estrangement of a retired automobile tycoon and his wife. Increasingly obsessed with maintaining an appearance of youth, she falls in with a crowd of frivolous socialites during their "second honeymoon" European vacation. He, in turn, meets a woman who is everything she is not: self-assured, self-confident, and able to take care of herself.
ID: 810	TITLE: The Ex-Mrs. Bradford	GENRE: Comedy, Mystery, Romance	PLOT: Relations between Dr. 'Brad' Bradford and ex-wife Paula are surprisingly romantic. They divorced because Brad hated being dragged into murder mysteries, to which mystery writer Paula is addicted. But through horse trainer Mike North, Brad is embroiled in the case of a jockey who died of "heart failure" during a race. As they pursue clues, Paula pursues Brad for remarriage, and assorted hoods pursue the Bradfords.
ID: 811	TITLE: Follow the Fleet	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: When the fleet puts in at San Francisco, sailor Bake Baker tries to rekindle the flame with his old dancing partner, Sherry Martin, while Bake's buddy Bilge Smith romances Sherry's sister Connie. But it's not all smooth sailing: Bake has a habit of losing Sherry's jobs for her; and despite Connie's dreams, Bilge is not ready to settle down.
ID: 812	TITLE: The Garden of Allah	GENRE: Adventure, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Domini, an heiress who has led a cloistered life, visits the North African desert for spiritual renewal. There she meets Boris, recently escaped from a Trappist monastery. Their friendship ripens into love, but he conceals his past from her. Then in a remote oasis, they meet a man who knows his secret.
ID: 813	TITLE: Gold Diggers of 1937	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Stage-producer J.J. Hobart, is going to put on a new show, but he doesn't know that his two partners lost the money at the stock market. Insurance salesman Rosmer Peek falls in love with ex chorus-girl Joan Blondell, who's friend Genevieve tries to land on one of J.J Hobart's partners. They come up with the idea to insure J.J. for $1 Million, to get the money back when he dies. Rosmer sells him the policy. After the insurance company finds out that he's only a hypochondriac, an attempt to kill him accidentally fails, and Genevieve falls in love with J.J. But when J.J. is informed that he is putting on a show with no money he has a breakdown. The only possibility to restore his health is putting on the show, in spite of the lack of money.
ID: 814	TITLE: The Great Ziegfeld	GENRE: Biography, Drama, Musical, Romance	PLOT: At the 1893 Chicago World's Fair, sideshow barker Flo Ziegfeld turns the tables on his more successful neighbor Billings, and steals his girlfriend to boot. This pattern is repeated throughout their lives, as Ziegfeld makes and loses many fortunes putting on ever bigger, more spectacular shows (sections of which appear in the film). French revue star Anna Held becomes his first wife, but it's not easy being married to the man who "glorified the American girl." Late in life, now married to Billie Burke, he seems to be all washed up, but...
ID: 815	TITLE: Intermezzo	GENRE: Romance, Drama	PLOT: A concert violinist becomes charmed with his daughter's talented piano teacher. When he invites her to go on tour with him, they make beautiful music away from the concert hall as well. He soon leaves his wife so the two can go off together.
ID: 816	TITLE: Libeled Lady	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Warren Haggerty is the chief editor of the New York Evening Star. He keeps on delaying his marriage with Gladys because of problems his newspapers must face. When a 5 million dollar lawsuit is filed by Connie Allenbury for falsely printing she is a marriage-breaker, he plans a marriage in words only between Gladys and the Don Juan Bill Chandler. The goal is to catch Connie alone with a married man.
ID: 817	TITLE: Little Lord Fauntleroy	GENRE: Drama, Family, Romance	PLOT: Ceddie, Earl of Dorincourt's only grandson and heir lives in America with his mother. The Earl, getting old, asks them to come to England. Ceddie, now Lord Fauntleroy, is an adorable little fellow. The Earl, who at first was rather distant, becomes more en more fond of him. Then Minna shows up. She claims she was married to the Earl's eldest son and that her son, being their child, is the Earl's true heir...
ID: 818	TITLE: Lloyds of London	GENRE: Drama, History, Romance, War	PLOT: Blake is in love with an aristocratic woman whose husband seriously injures him. Blake's friendship with Lord Nelson provides the basis for Blake's part in the growth of Lloyd's insurance business following the Battle of Trafalgar. Only very slightly based on history.
ID: 819	TITLE: Love on the Run	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Antoine Doinel is now more than thirty. He divorces from Christine. He is a proofreader, and is in love with Sabine, a record seller. Colette, his teenager love, is now a lawyer. She buys Antoine's first published autobiographical novel. They meet again in a station...
