ID: 75	TITLE: Mabel's Strange Predicament	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: In a hotel lobby an inebriated Charlie runs into an elegant lady, gets tied hup in her dog's leash, and falls down. He later runs into her in the hotel corridor, locked out of her room. They run through various rooms. Mabel ends up in one of an elderly husband where she hides under the bed. Enter the jealous wife and Mabel's lover.
ID: 76	TITLE: Making a Living	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: An out-of-work swindler takes a job as a reporter. After witnessing a car go over cliff, he grabs a rival reporter's camera and races to the newspaper office to enter the photo as his own. His rival is delayed when he gets caught in a woman's bedroom by her jealous husband. The swindler follows the distribution of the paper containing his 'scoop' around town where he is once again chased by the rival reporter. Both end up on the cow-catcher of a streetcar.
ID: 77	TITLE: The Picnic	GENRE: Animation, Short, Comedy	PLOT: Summertime, and Mickey takes Minnie on a picnic. While Pluto is chasing a rabbit, and Mickey and Minnie are doing a courtship dance, every animal in the woods is busy making off with their picnic food. And then the rain comes.
ID: 78	TITLE: The Masquerader	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Charlie is an actor in a film studio. He messes up several scenes and is tossed out. Returning dressed as a lady, he charms the director. Even so, Charlie never makes it into film, winding up at the bottom of a well.
ID: 79	TITLE: The New Janitor	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Charlie is janitor for a firm the manager of which receives a threatening note about his gambling debts. He throws a bucket of water out the window which lands on his boss and costs him his job. The boss, attempting to steal the money heeds from the office safe, is caught by his secretary and Charlie comes to save her and the money. He is briefly accused of being the thief but ultimately triumphs.
ID: 80	TITLE: The Perils of Pauline	GENRE: Action	PLOT: Young Pauline is left a lot of money when her wealthy uncle dies. However, her uncle's secretary has been named as her guardian until she marries, at which time she will officially take possession of her inheritance. Meanwhile, her "guardian" and his confederates constantly come up with schemes to get rid of Pauline so that he can get his hands on the money himself.
ID: 81	TITLE: The Property Man	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie has trouble with actors' luggage and conflicts over who gets the star's dressing room. There are further difficulties with frequent scene changes, wrong entries and a fireman's hose. At one point he juggles an athlete's supposed weights. The humor is still rough: he kicks an older assistant in the face and allows him to be run over by a truck.
ID: 82	TITLE: Recreation	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie is walking in the park. A girl leaves a seaman on one bench and joins Charlie on another. The seaman wakes up. He and Charlie stage a brick fight. Policemen get hit and arrest both men. During an ensuing fight on the dock the policemen, the seaman, Charlie and the girl wind up in the water.
ID: 83	TITLE: Tip Tap Toe	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Short	PLOT: Hal and Mitzi have known each other since they were babies. Tap dancer Hal now works as a window dresser in Blake's Department Store, owned by Mitzi's dad. Mr. Blake hates jazz music and dancing. He refuses to let Mitzi marry Hal, because Hal's ambition is to be a dancer on stage. When Mitzi reveals a secret about Mrs. Blake's past, her father soon changes his tune.
ID: 84	TITLE: The Rounders	GENRE: Comedy, Western	PLOT: Ben and Howdy are a couple of aging cowboys who bust broncos out of Sedona for Jim Ed Love, a slick operator if ever there was one. Sisters, Meg and Agatha, have their eyes on Ben and Howdy, but the boys aren't ready to settle down yet. They spend the winter in the high country corralling more than 100 stray cattle at $7 a head for Jim Ed. Most years, they blow their winter pay in one spring night at a Sedona bar, but this year, Ben and Howdy have a plan: to take an ornery roan that Ben has been unable to break and bet their bankroll that no cowboy at the Sedona rodeo can stay on the horse. What will they do if they win - marry the sisters or head for Tahiti?
ID: 85	TITLE: Going Down	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: The party never ends in this college comedy of errors! It's the day after a big blow out college party Jack Earnest and his buddy Travis wake to a trashed house, and the discovery that two of their friends are dead. To make matters worse, Jacks parents have just called and announced that they are coming home early from their vacation and need to be picked up from the airport in 3 hours. Jack and Travis need to get rid of the dead bodies and clean up the house before Jacks parents get home. Their plans are foiled when two girls they both like, Laurie and Jamie, arrive unannounced and ready to party. To make matters worse, instead of getting the girls and the bodies out of the house, more and more people keep showing up. No matter what Jack does, the party just doesn't stop.
ID: 86	TITLE: Oh, What a Night	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: In a small Canadian township two lads start to investigate the world of women, with some advice from the local Scottish shop and garage owner. One of them tries to impress his girl with his dad's various cars while the other takes an increasingly serious interest in an older woman. Meanwhile the parents involved have their own adult problems.
ID: 87	TITLE: The Squaw Man	GENRE: Action, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Captain Wynnegate leaves England, accepting the blame for embezzling charity funds though knowing that his cousin Sir Henry is guilty. Out West he and the Indian girl Nat-U-Rich save each other from the evil cattle rustler Cash Hawkins and marry. Lady Diana shows up to announce Sir Henry's death. After Nat-U-Rich's suicide Wynnegate takes his half-breed son and Lady Diana back to England as the new Earl of Kerhill.
ID: 88	TITLE: The Star Boarder	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie stays at a boarding-house, where he is the landlady's favorite. Her husband grows jealous when observing this. Their little son has a camera. He happens to take some photos of his mother and Charlie in situations which are innocent but look indecent. He also takes a photo of his father and a female boarding-guest in a similar situation. In the evening the boy arranges a slide show in the boarding-house. Suddenly also the equivocal photos of his parents appear on the screen. His jealous father gets furious and starts chasing Charlie. Soon all the boarding-guests are involved in the fight.
ID: 89	TITLE: Tango Tangle	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Out of costume, Charlie is a clean-shaven dandy who, somewhat drunk, visits a dance hall. There the wardrobe girl has three rival admirers: the band leader, one of the musicians, and now Charlie.
ID: 90	TITLE: Those Love Pangs	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie and a rival vie for the favors of their landlady. In the park they each fall for different girls, though Charlie's has a male friend already. Charlie considers suicide, is talked out of it by a policeman, and later throws his girl's friend into the lake. Frightened, the girls go off to a movie. Charlie shows up there and flirts with them. Later both rivals substitute themselves for the girls and attack the unwitting Charlie. In an audience-wide fight, Charlie is tossed through the screen.
ID: 91	TITLE: Tillie's Punctured Romance	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: Charlie talks wealthy farmer's daughter Tillie into eloping with him (and taking her father's money). In the city Tillie gets drunk and lands in jail while Charlie runs off with her money and his old girlfriend Mabel. Later Charlie reads that Tillie (now working as a waitress) has inherited the estate of her multi-millionaire uncle. Charlie dumps Mabel and talks Tillie into moving into her uncle's villa, and Mabel arranges to become a housemaid there. The uncle (never really dead) returns and summons the police to have them all thrown out.
ID: 92	TITLE: Twenty Minutes of Love	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie is amidst a number of loving couples in the park. He parodies one couple by embracing a tree. A girl asks her beau for a love token. The beau steals a pocket watch from a sleeping man, Charlie gets it away from him and gives it to the girl. He later gets it back and tries to sell it to his original owner who calls a policeman. Many park visitors wind up getting tossed into the lake.
ID: 93	TITLE: The Birth of a Nation	GENRE: Drama, History, War	PLOT: Two brothers, Phil and Ted Stoneman, visit their friends in Piedmont, South Carolina: the family Cameron. This friendship is affected by the Civil War, as the Stonemans and the Camerons must join up opposite armies. The consequences of the War in their lives are shown in connection to major historical events, like the development of the Civil War itself, Lincoln's assassination, and the birth of the Ku Klux Klan.
ID: 94	TITLE: By the Sea	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Set in France during the mid-1970s, Vanessa, a former dancer, and her husband Roland, an American writer, travel the country together. They seem to be growing apart, but when they linger in one quiet, seaside town they begin to draw close to some of its more vibrant inhabitants, such as a local bar/café-keeper and a hotel owner.
ID: 95	TITLE: Carmen	GENRE: Drama, Music, Romance	PLOT: A group of flamenco dancers are rehearsing a very spanish version of the Prosper Merimee's drama. Antonio (the coreographer) falls in love with Carmen (the main dancer). Their story then turns similar to the play.
ID: 96	TITLE: The Champion	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Sport	PLOT: Walking along with his bulldog, Charlie finds a "good luck" horseshoe just as he passes a training camp advertising for a boxing partner "who can take a beating." After watching others lose, Charlie puts the horseshoe in his glove and wins. The trainer prepares Charlie to fight the world champion. A gambler wants Charlie to throw the fight. He and the trainer's daughter fall in love.
ID: 97	TITLE: A Burlesque on Carmen	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: This is a parody of two "Carmen"s, Bizet's opera and a movie (1915) starring Geraldine Farrar. Smugglers come ashore. Their leader sends the gypsy Carmen to lure Don Jose (called Darn Hosiery) away so they can get the contraband to town. There are grand swordfights, deaths, returns to life.
ID: 98	TITLE: The Cheat	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Edith Hardy uses charity funds for Wall Street investments in hopes of buying some new gowns. She loses all the money and borrows from wealthy oriental Tori. When her husband gives her the amount she borrowed, Tori won't take it back, branding her shoulder with a Japanese sign of his ownership. She shoots him. Her husband takes the blame. In court Edith reveals all to an angry mob.
ID: 99	TITLE: A Fool There Was	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: John Schuyler, happily married Wall Street lawyer, is appointed as special diplomatic representative to England. By an unhappy accident, his wife and child can't come along; but on the ship with him is "The Vampire," a "notorious woman" who lives off a succession of men she has seduced and ruined. Slighted by Mrs. Schuyler, she has set her sights on the husband. Two months later, we find the Fool languishing with the mistress who has him enmeshed in her toils. Will he follow the others to the depths of degradation?
ID: 100	TITLE: His New Job	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Charlie is trying to get a job in a movie. After causing difficulty on the set he is told to help the carpenter. When one of the actors doesn't show, Charlie is given a chance to act but instead enters a dice game. When he does finally act he ruins the scene, wrecks the set and tears the skirt from the star.
ID: 101	TITLE: A Jitney Elopement	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Edna's father wants her to marry wealthy Count He-Ha. Charlie, Edna's true love, impersonates the Count at dinner, but the real Count shows up and Charlie is thrown out. Later on Charlie and Edna are chased by her father, The Count, and three policeman. The pursuers drive off a pier.
ID: 102	TITLE: His Night Out	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: When a meek purchasing agent is told by a quack doctor that he only has three months to live, he gets involved with a bank robbery and kidnapped by the gang.
ID: 103	TITLE: A Night Out	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie and Ben pay a visit to a pub, then decide to visit a swanky restaurant. Now intoxicated, they come into conflict with a French dandy and his ladyfriend. The large head waiter violently ejects Ben, and later ejects Charlie also. The pair pay another visit to a pub, then make their way to their hotel. They become interested in a pretty young woman staying in the room across the hall, but when Charlie spies on her through the keyhole a bellboy makes him stop. Charlie is taken aback to realize that the young woman's husband is the head waiter from the restaurant. He promptly checks out and moves to another hotel. Meanwhile, the head waiter and his wife, dissatisfied with the service, also decide to move to another hotel-- and, unfortunately, choose the same one Charlie has chosen, and once more wind up in the room across the hall from him. When the young woman's dog runs into Charlie's room she follows in her pajamas. Her husband returns to find his wife with Charlie in an apparently compromising position.
ID: 104	TITLE: A Night in the Show	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Mr. Pest tries several theatre seats before winding up in front in a fight with the conductor. He is thrown out. In the lobby he pushes a fat lady into a fountain and returns to sit down by Edna. Mr. Rowdy, in the gallery, pours beer down on Mr. Pest and Edna. He attacks patrons, a harem dancer, the singers Dot and Dash, and a fire-eater.
ID: 105	TITLE: Pool Sharks	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Two ardent suitors for the hand a pretty young woman carry their fight from an picnic to a test of skill in an indoor pool hall. After a series of unbelievable trick shots, the fight degenerates into billiard throwing, which involves an innocent bystander.
ID: 106	TITLE: Satan's Rhapsody	GENRE: Drama, Fantasy, Horror	PLOT: Rapsodia Satanica (1915) was the last film directed by Nino Oxilia and is undoubtedly one of the finest achievements of the early Italian cinema. In it, Oxilia spins a variation on the Faust myth, embodied here by the diva Lyda Borelli. Typical of extravagant D'Annunzian aestheticism at its height, Rapsodia Satanica was one of the summits of what was later called the "tail coat film." Diametrically opposed to the "cinema of reality" practiced by Serena, Martoglio and others, "tail coat films" set their melodramatic stories in the salons and villas of the upper middle class and the aristocracy, deploying narrative structures contrived to showcase their actors and especially its actresses. This had the effect of accentuating their physical presence and turning them into stars - probably the first stars in movie history. The success of the "dive" contributed to the development of motion picture grammar in its special use of the close-up.
ID: 107	TITLE: Shanghaied	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: A shipowner intends to scuttle his ship on its last voyage to get the insurance money. Charlie, a tramp in love with the owner's daughter, is grabbed by the captain and promises to help him shanghai some seamen. The daughter stows away to follow Charlie. Charlie assists in the galley and attempts to serve food during a gale.
ID: 108	TITLE: The Tramp	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Charlie is a tramp on the road. A hobo manages to exchange Charlie's sandwich for a brick so Charlie must eat grass. The same hobo molests a farmer's daughter; Charlie comes to aid with the help of the brick. When two more hobos show up Charlie throws all three into a lake. The grateful girl takes Charlie home where he fails as a farmhand. He again helps drive off the hobos (who are now trying to break into the house). The girl's fiance arrives. Though a hero, Charlie, knowing he must go, writes a farewell note and leaves for the open road.
ID: 109	TITLE: A Woman	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Mother, Father and Daughter go to the park. The women dose off on a bench while the father plays a hide-and-seek game with a girl, blindfolded. Charlie leads him into a lake. Both dozing ladies on the bench fall for Charlie and invite him for dinner. The father returns home with a friend. Charlie rushes upstairs and dresses like a woman, shaving his moustache. Both men fall for Charlie.
ID: 110	TITLE: Work	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie and his boss have difficulties just getting to the house they are going to wallpaper. The householder is angry because he can't get breakfast and his wife is screaming at the maid as they arrive. The kitchen gas stove explodes, and Charlie offers to fix it. The wife's secret lover arrives and is passed off as the workers' supervisor, but the husband doesn't buy this and fires shots. The stove explodes violently, destroying the house.
ID: 111	TITLE: 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea	GENRE: Adventure, Drama, Family, Fantasy, Sci-Fi	PLOT: The oceans during the late 1860-92s are no longer safe; many ships have been lost. Sailors have returned to port with stories of a vicious narwhal (a giant whale with a long horn) which sinks their ships. A naturalist, Professor (Pierre) Aronnax, his assistant, Conseil, and a professional whaler, Ned Land, join an US expedition which attempts to unravel the mystery.
ID: 112	TITLE: Behind the Screen	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Three movies are being shot simultaneously and Charlie is an overworked scene shifter. The foreman is waited on hand and foot until all the shifters but Charlie go on strike. A girl looking for work pretends to be a man and helps Charlie. Charlie discovers her gender and falls in love with her. The foreman thinks they are homosexual and in the ensuing fight they become involved in a long pie throwing scene from one of the movies in production. The frustrated workers dynamite the studio.
ID: 113	TITLE: The Children in the House	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Roy Somerville has turned out a rather interesting story that will hold the interest of the majority of audiences as produced by the Triangle-Fine Arts Company. It is a five-reel feature ...
ID: 114	TITLE: The Count	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Charlie burns a count's trousers while ironing them and is fired. The tailor finds an invitation to dinner at Miss Moneybags and goes in place of the count. Charlie goes to the kitchen of the same house; he is attracted to the cook, and so are the butler and a policeman. Once discovered by the tailor-count, Charlie must pretend to be the count's secretary. The real count shows up.
ID: 115	TITLE: The Fireman	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Charlie is a fireman who always does everything wrong. A man talks the Fire Chief into ignoring his burning home (he wants the insurance money) unaware that his daughter (the love of the Chief) is upstairs in the house. When the house next door catches fire its owner rouses Charlie who rouses the force.
ID: 116	TITLE: Little Shop of Horrors	GENRE: Comedy, Horror, Musical, Romance, Sci-Fi	PLOT: Seymour Krelborn is a nerdy orphan working at Mushnik's, a flower shop in urban Skid Row. He harbors a crush on fellow co-worker Audrey Fulquard, and is berated by Mr. Mushnik daily. One day as Seymour is seeking a new mysterious plant, he finds a very mysterious unidentified plant which he calls Audrey II. The plant seems to have a craving for blood and soon begins to sing for his supper. Soon enough, Seymour feeds Audrey's sadistic dentist boyfriend to the plant and later, Mushnik for witnessing the death of Audrey's ex. Will Audrey II take over the world or will Seymour and Audrey defeat it?
ID: 117	TITLE: The Floorwalker	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: After causing havoc on the sales floor Charlie goes to the office floor. There he runs into the store inspector (who looks exactly like him) who has just robbed the safe and knocked out the manager. Charlie thinks he is in front of a mirror till he notices he holds a stock and his "image" the bag of loot.
ID: 118	TITLE: Playmates	GENRE: Comedy, Music	PLOT: Lulu Monahan (Patsy Kelly), the press agent for John Barrymore (John Barrymore),is attempting to get a sponsor for a radio program. To that end, she and the agent for bandleader Kay Kyser (...
ID: 119	TITLE: Hoodoo Ann	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: A little orphan girl believes that her life is falling apart. It seems that everything that could possibly go wrong does go wrong. However, certain things happen that begin to make her suspect that maybe she has been cursed by a doll, or is it really a doll?
ID: 120	TITLE: The Mother and the Law	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Two young people are made homeless by a strike. They struggle valiantly to survive their desolate situation, which grows worse as reform-minded citizens remove the couple's child from their care and the young father is falsely accused and convicted of murder.
ID: 121	TITLE: Intolerance: Love's Struggle Throughout the Ages	GENRE: Drama, History	PLOT: Intolerance and its terrible effects are examined in four historical eras. In ancient Babylon, a mountain girl is caught up in the religious rivalry that leads to the city's downfall. In Judea, the hypocritical Pharisees condemn Jesus Christ. In 1572 Paris, unaware of the impending St. Bartholomew's Day Massacre, two young Huguenots prepare for marriage. Finally, in modern America, social reformers destroy the lives of a young woman and her beloved.
ID: 122	TITLE: The Missing Millionaire	GENRE: Short, Drama	PLOT: Learning that Maxwell, the millionaire munitions manufacturer, has the apartment adjoining theirs in the hotel, Mona and Mary seek his aid in furthering their plans for social reforms. He agrees, but postpones action until the arrival of his secretary. That afternoon the girls overhear two brokers quarreling with Maxwell outside his door and threatening revenge. Mary follows the brokers, who go to the writing room. When they leave after writing a note, Mary stealthily secures the blotter they use, and back in the room, the girls find by putting it before a mirror that they have half of an address. The next day they learn that Maxwell has appeared, and that his stock is tumbling. The girls put their wits to the task and finally learn that the complete address on the blotter that of Dr. Walter Ludlow, at a sanitarium near the city. Mona goes to the sanitarium and makes arrangements for them to receive Mary, who, she declares, has become mentally unbalanced. While there she succeeds in confirming her suspicions that Maxwell is held a prisoner. By a clever ruse the girls then succeed in maneuvering his escape and also in bringing Wentworth and his partner and Dr. Ludlow to justice.
ID: 123	TITLE: The Matrimaniac	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Romance	PLOT: A young couple attempts to elope, with the bride's irate father in hot pursuit. The train stops briefly and the young man dashes off to find a minister, but before he can get himself and the minister onto the train, it leaves, carrying his bride-to- be away. Now the young man, minister in tow, pursues his bride while her father and a horde of lawmen pursue them both.
ID: 124	TITLE: The Mystery of the Leaping Fish	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Coke Ennyday, the scientific detective, divides his own time in periods for "Sleep", "Eat", "Dope" and "Drink". In fact he's used to overcome every situation with drugs: consuming it to increase his energies or injecting it in his opponents to KO them. To help the police he discovers a contraband of opium (which he eagerly tastes) transported with "Leaping Fishes", and the blackmail of a mysterious man who wants to marry the "fish blower" girl. Will Coke be able to free the girl ?
ID: 125	TITLE: The Detective	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Thriller	PLOT: Police detective Joe Leland investigates the murder of a gay man. While investigating, he discovers links to official corruption in New York City in this drama that delves into a world of sex and drugs.
ID: 126	TITLE: Solo	GENRE: Action, Sci-Fi, Thriller	PLOT: Mario Van Peebles stars as an android killing weapon designed by the military and utilized to enter into a Latin American war to destroy the rebels - natives fighting simply to maintain their freedom. Contrary to his programming, he develops an affinity for the villagers and decides to help them fight back. This lets his creators bring him back and ultimately leads to one of them being given more powerful circuitry to defeat him.
ID: 127	TITLE: One A.M.	GENRE: Comedy, Family, Short	PLOT: After a night on the town, Charlie comes home to the house where he is staying, drunk and unable to find his key. For the next twenty minutes he staggers into, out of, and through the house in an inebriated confrontation with the house itself.
ID: 128	TITLE: The Pawnshop	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie competes with his fellow shop assistant. He is fired by the pawnbroker and rehired. He nearly destroys everything in the shop and and himself. He helps capture a burglar. He destroys a client's clock while examining it in detail.
ID: 129	TITLE: Police	GENRE: Action, Comedy, Crime, Drama	PLOT: Musa Rami, who has become a legend with his struggle against the mafia, is a police officer at homicide division. One day prior to celebrating his 63rd birthday, with a surprise party arranged by his family, he finds out that he has cancer and two months left before his death. In these two months, will he be able to fight against the mafia that has intensified its threats against his family and simultaneously reveal his deep love to Funda, who is a university student 40 years younger than him?...
ID: 130	TITLE: Reggie Mixes In	GENRE: Action, Comedy, Drama	PLOT: Reggie, a wealthy young man about town, is eager for excitement, so he takes to visiting the rougher sections of the city in search of thrills. He meets and falls for a cabaret singer, but she turns out to be the inamorata of the local gang boss. The gangster sends his men after Reggie, but eventually it comes down to a duel between the two men themselves.
ID: 131	TITLE: The Rink	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: After amusements working in a restaurant, Charlie uses his lunch break to go roller skating. Mr. Stout makes advances toward the unwilling Edna (whose father and Mrs. Stout had earlier carried on in the restaurant). After a roller skate ballet, Charlie (now as Sir Cecil Seltzer) is invited to a party at Edna's. All the "couples", including a new partner for Mr. Stout. show up.
ID: 132	TITLE: Run, Waiter, Run!	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: A comedy concerning a down on his luck bookshop owner with a penchant for women who decides to make some money by pretending to be a waiter and collecting cash from unsuspecting diners.
ID: 133	TITLE: Triple Trouble	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: As Colonel Nutt is experimenting with explosives, a new janitor is joining his household. The inept janitor proceeds to make life difficult for the rest of staff. Meanwhile, a foreign agent arrives at the house in hopes of getting Col. Nutt's latest invention. The inventor throws him out, so the agent then employs a thug to get the formula. When police head to the Nutt home to start an investigation, a complicated fracas ensues.
ID: 134	TITLE: The Vagabond	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Romance	PLOT: After passing the hat and taking the donations intended for German street musicians Charlie heads for the country. Here he finds and rescues a girl from a band of gypsies. The girl falls in love with an artist whose portrait is later seen in a shop by the girl's real mother. The mother and the artist arrive in a chauffeured auto and offer Charlie money for his services, money which he rejects.
ID: 135	TITLE: The Adventurer	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie escapes from prison. After rescuing a girl and her mother from drowning, Charlie is invited to their home where a big party is held and he is treated like a hero. However, as a result Charlie's photo is printed in the newspapers and the prison guards come after him.
ID: 136	TITLE: The Butcher Boy	GENRE: Comedy, Drama	PLOT: Francie and Joe live the usual playful, fantasy filled childhoods of normal boys. However, with a violent, alcoholic father and a manic depressive, suicidal mother the pressure on Francie to grow up are immense. Unfortunately, one tragedy after another, Francie's world sinks deeper and deeper into paranoia (directed mainly against Mrs. Nugent, a nasty neighbor) and fantasy (where he has visions of the Virgin Mary).
ID: 137	TITLE: Coney Island	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Roscoe tries to dump his wife so he can enjoy the beach attractions. Buster arrives with Alice who is taken away from him by Al who loses her to Roscoe. Bathing beauties and Keystone Kops abound.
ID: 138	TITLE: The Cure	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Dexter, age 11, who has AIDS, and his next door neighbor Erik, a little older and much bigger, become best friends. Erik also becomes closer to Dexter's mother than to his own, who is neglectful and bigoted and violently forbids their friendship upon learning of it. When they read that a doctor in distant New Orleans claims to have found a cure for AIDS, the boys leave home on their own, planning to float down the Mississippi river and find him.
ID: 139	TITLE: Easy Street	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: When Charlie the Tramp wanders into a mission he is smitten by Edna and puts back the collection box which he has taken. Reformed, he becomes a policeman and is assigned to rough-and-tumble Easy Street. Unable to trick or beat Eric the Tough, he puts Eric's head in a gas pipe and anesthetizes him. A hero, he now helps many poor people living on Easy Street. Eric escapes jail, Edna is kidnapped, but Charlie (recharged after sitting on a doper's needle) conquers all. Easy Street is transformed as is Eric.
ID: 140	TITLE: His Wedding Night	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: In a drugstore Al and Roscoe are rivals for Alice. Roscoe slings melons and operates the gas pump. Buster delivers a wedding gown for Alice, begins modeling it, is mistaken for Alice and is kidnapped by Al.
ID: 141	TITLE: The Immigrant	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: 1921. In search of a new start and the American dream, Ewa Cybulska and her sister Magda sail to New York from their native Poland. When they reach Ellis Island, doctors discover that Magda is ill, and the two women are separated. Ewa is released onto the mean streets of Manhattan while her sister is quarantined. Alone, with nowhere to turn and desperate to reunite with Magda, she quickly falls prey to Bruno, a charming but wicked man who takes her in and forces her into prostitution. And then one day, Ewa encounters Bruno's cousin, the debonair magician Orlando. He sweeps Ewa off her feet and quickly becomes her only chance to escape the nightmare in which she finds herself.
ID: 142	TITLE: The Little American	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: German-American Karl and French-American Jules are in love with Angela when each returns to his country as war breaks out. She sails for France and while there is nearly raped by Karl as the Germans invade. She is later arrested for sending secret messages to Jules but Karl defends her. Both are saved from execution by the arrival of the French forces and Count Jules
ID: 143	TITLE: The Little Princess	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Family, Musical	PLOT: When her father, Captain Crewe, goes off to fight in the Boer War, young Sara Crewe is placed into the care of Amanda Minchin, the head of an exclusive private school for girls. Sara lives a wonderful life of a privileged child and is quite happy in her surroundings. When her father is listed as missing in action however, her life goes from one of plenty to that of a poor house maid. Mrs. Minchin agrees to keep her on at the school, but in the absence of her tuition payments, she has to work for her keep. She is soon cleaning out the fireplace and scrubbing floors and is dubbed the little princess by her former schoolmates. She also refuses to accept that her father is dead and prowls the hospitals in the hope of locating him. Luck - and Royal intervention - assist her in her quest.
ID: 144	TITLE: On Dangerous Ground	GENRE: Drama, Film-Noir	PLOT: Hard, withdrawn city cop Jim Wilson roughs up one too many suspects and is sent upstate to help investigate the murder of a young girl in the winter countryside. There he meets Mary Malden, whom he finds attractive and independent. However, Mary's brother is chief suspect in the killing. And Mary herself is blind.
ID: 145	TITLE: The Poor Little Rich Girl	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Family	PLOT: Gwen's family is rich, but her parents ignore her and most of the servants push her around, so she is lonely and unhappy. Her father is concerned only with making money, and her mother cares only about her social position. But one day a servant's irresponsibility creates a crisis that causes everyone to rethink what is important to them.
ID: 146	TITLE: Rebecca of Sunnybrook Farm	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Family, Musical	PLOT: Rebecca's Uncle Harry leaves her with Aunt Miranda who forbids her to associate with show people. But neighbor Anthony Kent is a talent scout who secretly set it up for her to broadcast.
ID: 147	TITLE: A Romance of the Redwoods	GENRE: Adventure, Comedy, Drama, History, Romance, Western	PLOT: 'Black' Brown, a notorious road agent on the run from the law, stumbles on the body of John Lawrence, an honest prospector during the early years of the California Gold Rush, riddled with Indian arrows. Brown takes the dead man's clothes and papers and is able to pass himself off as a good citizen in 1850's Calaveras County. When Lawrence's sister dies, her daughter spends the little money she has to journey to California and live with her uncle. Arriving at the isolated cabin, she realizes he is an impostor, but his threats intimidate her into silence. Lacking money and protection, she immediately becomes vulnerable to the advances of the largely all-male population, and so must acknowledge Brown publicly as her uncle in order to continue to receive food, shelter, and his protection. Over time, this understanding of mutual convenience turns to affection, and he pledges to reform. When former members of his gang continue their dishonest ways, however, the now rehabilitated Brown falls under the suspicion of the local vigilante committee.
ID: 148	TITLE: The Rough House	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Roscoe, his wife and his mother-in-law run a seaside resort. Buster plays a gardener who puts out a fire started by Roscoe, then a delivery boy who fights with the cook St. John, then a cop.
ID: 149	TITLE: Wild and Woolly	GENRE: Comedy, Western, Romance	PLOT: A rich young Easterner who has always wanted to live in "the Wild West" plans to move to a Western town. Unknown to him, the town's "wild" days are long gone, and it is an orderly, civilized place now. The townsmen, not wanting to lose a rich potential resident, contrive to make over the town to suit the young man's fantasy.
ID: 150	TITLE: Amarilly of Clothes-Line Alley	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Amarilly comes from a large family in a working-class neighborhood. She is happy with her family and her boyfriend Terry, a bartender in a cafe. But one day she meets Gordon, a sculptor who comes from a rich family, and she begins to be drawn into the world of the upper class.
ID: 151	TITLE: The Bell Boy	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: At the Elk's Head Hotel bellhops torment the lobby, each other and guests. The elevator is powered by a stubborn horse. A sham robbery turns into a real one. And there is a chase on a runaway trolley.
ID: 152	TITLE: The Outlaw and His Wife	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: A stranger comes to work at widow Halla's farm. Halla and the stranger fall in love, but when he is revealed as Eyvind, an escaped thief forced into crime by his family's starvation, they flee and become two of the many outlaws of Iceland's mountains.
ID: 153	TITLE: You and I	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Two girls, Lana and Janie, from vastly different worlds, bond as they persevere to become a part of the glamorous lifestyle offered by the power's high society. Although they are constantly challenged by the seductive, intoxicating allure of this society, they're suddenly forced to confront the cruel reality that lies beneath its glittery facade. As their bond is tested to its breaking point, they will need to re-discover the love that brought them together, otherwise their bond will be shattered forever.
ID: 154	TITLE: The Blue Bird	GENRE: Drama, Family, Fantasy	PLOT: Mytyl and her brother Tyltyl, a woodchopper's children, are led by the Fairy Berylune on a magical trip through the past, present, and future to locate the Blue Bird of Happiness.
ID: 155	TITLE: The Bond	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Half-reel made for the Liberty Loan Committee and distributed free throughout the country. The actors show that bonds of friendship, love and marriage are inspiring but the most important bonds of all are Liberty Bonds, the blockbuster which will knock out the Kaiser.
ID: 156	TITLE: Good Night, Nurse!	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: An inebriated man stands in front of a drug store during a rain storm trying to light a cigarette. Back at his home, his wife and butler see a report on the No Hope Clinic's success curing alcoholics. When hubby arrives home, bringing two gypsies and their monkey, his wife insists it's time for the clinic. Once there, he gets a look at various surgeries, and he wants out - assisted at first by a woman who believes she's a mermaid. He pretends to drown, he dresses as a woman, and, when running away, he inadvertently joins the town's annual fat man foot race. But can he outrun the men in white coats?
ID: 157	TITLE: Hearts of the World	GENRE: Drama, War	PLOT: A group of youngsters grow up and love in a peaceful French village. But war intrudes and peace is shattered. The German army invades and occupies village, bringing both destruction and torture. The young people of the village resist, some successfully, others tragically, until French troops retake the town.
ID: 158	TITLE: The Married Virgin	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: In order to save her wealthy father from disgrace and a possible prison sentence, a daughter agrees to marry the gigolo who's been blackmailing him. What the daughter doesn't know, however, is that the gigolo is actually in cahoots with her father's new wife, a conniving schemer who plans to fleece her new husband for everything he has, then flee the country with her lover.
ID: 159	TITLE: Moonshine	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: A feud between the Owens and the Gillettes ends when the last remaining Gillette is killed, but new trouble erupts for the mountain folk with the arrival of a U.S. revenue agent and his assistant. The revenuers search high and low for the secret hideaway where the mountain people prepare illegal alcohol, but end up in deep trouble that only a little movie magic can save them from.
ID: 160	TITLE: Out West	GENRE: Short, Western, Comedy	PLOT: A satire of western movies. Roscoe comes into town after riding the rails. The saloon has a trap door over a pit where bodies are tossed as they are shot. A black patron is taunted and shot at. Roscoe and Buster do everything they can to keep Al from Alice.
ID: 161	TITLE: Shifting Sands	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Marcia Grey is wrongly convicted on trumped-up evidence of a German. After serving her term, she rebuilds her life and marries well. The German then attempts to blackmail her into helping the German cause during WWI.
ID: 162	TITLE: Shoulder Arms	GENRE: Comedy, War	PLOT: Charlie is in boot camp in the "awkward squad." Once in France he gets no letters from home. He finally gets a package containing limburger cheese which requires a gas mask and which he throws over into the German trench. He goes "over the top" and captures thirteen Germans ("I surrounded them"), then volunteers to wander through the German lines disguised as a tree trunk. With the help of a French girl he captures the Kaiser and the Crown Prince and is given a statue and victory parade in New York and then ... fellow soldiers wake him from his dream.
ID: 163	TITLE: The Sinking of the 'Lusitania'	GENRE: Animation, Short, War	PLOT: An animated depiction of the sinking of the Lusitania: In May 1915, the liner leaves the United States, headed for Liverpool with over 2000 passengers on board. As the ship nears its destination, she is struck and severely damaged by a torpedo from a German U-boat. Even as frantic efforts to evacuate the ship are underway, another torpedo strikes the ship, leading quickly to disaster.
ID: 164	TITLE: Stella Maris	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Stella Maris is a beautiful, crippled girl, who is cared for by a rich family. They shield her from the harsh realities of the world, so that she has no idea of the cruel things that some people do. Unity Blake is a poor orphan all too familiar with the harsh realities of the real world. These two young women both fall in love with John, love which is complicated by the fact that he is still married to (though separated from) a bad wife.