ID: 375	TITLE: The Love of Jeanne Ney	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: In the Crimea, the Reds and the Whites aren't done fighting, and Jeanne discovers that the man she loves is a Bolshevik (when he kills her father). Penniless, she returns to Paris where she works for her uncle. Soon after, her lover Andreas is in France to organize the sailors in Toulon. So also is a thief, traitor, and libertine, Khalibiev, who wants to seduce Jeanne. His schemes, Jeanne and Andreas's naivete, and a lost diamond bring the lovers to the brink of tragedy.
ID: 376	TITLE: London After Midnight	GENRE: Horror	PLOT: When Roger Balfour is found shot dead in his London home, his death is declared a suicide by Inspector Burke of Scotland Yard, even though the executor of Balfour's estate, Sir James Hamlin, insists his friend never would have taken his own life. Five years later, the abandoned Balfour house comes to life again with the arrival of two sinister-looking tenants: a fiendish-looking man with pointed teeth, bulging eyes and a tall beaver hat, and a pale young woman in a long gown. The presence of the strangers prompts Sir James, who lives next door, to call in Inspector Burke again. Also living in the Hamlin household are the other people who were also present in Balfour's house the night he died: Sir James' nephew, Arthur Hibbs; the late Balfour's now-grown daughter, Lucille; and Williams, the butler. Burke expresses skepticism about Sir James' suspicions that the new neighbors might have been involved in Balfour's death, until strange things start happening: Balfour's body disappears from its tomb. The new maid, Smithson, tells a terrifying tale of being menaced in Lucille's bedroom by the stranger in the beaver hat. And a man spotted inside the Balfour house by Burke and Sir James looks distinctly like the late Roger Balfour. A skittish Arthur becomes convinced the neighbors are vampires. Burke takes Lucille aside, and tells her he doesn't believe her father committed suicide. He asks her to trust him. Burke also has a private talk with Arthur. Burke uses hypnosis to put Arthur into a trance, but learns nothing new about Balfour's death. That night, someone fires a shot into Arthur's room, but Arthur isn't there; instead, it's Burke who's slightly wounded. Lucille is abducted by the beaver-hatted man and the butler and brought to her former home. Sir James, acting at Burke's instruction, also shows up at the Balfour house; he's met out front by the beaver-hatted man, who puts him into a hypnotic trance. Arthur breaks into the Balfour house in an attempt to rescue Lucille; he's caught by Burke and a couple of detectives and locked away. It turns out the man with the beaver hat and pointed teeth was really a disguised Inspector Burke, who was aided at times by a double; Smithson, the maid, is an assistant detective; the mysterious young woman, a stage performer working for the police. Under Burke's hypnosis, Sir James re-creates his actions the night Roger Balfour died, with Lucille and the butler, Williams, playing themselves, and Burke's double playing the part of Balfour. It turns out Sir James shot and killed Balfour and made the death appear a suicide after Balfour rejected Sir James as a future husband for young Lucille. Sir James is brought out of his trance and arrested by Burke. The mystery of Balfour's death solved, Lucille and Arthur, who have come to realize how much they love each other, are now free to marry.
ID: 377	TITLE: The Hypnotist	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Thriller	PLOT: After a young woman and her parents are murdered by a killer determined to wipe out the entire family, Detective Inspector Joona Linna works with a psychiatrist to hypnotize the son who narrowly escaped death in order to find the one surviving daughter before the murderer does.
ID: 378	TITLE: Love	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Murphy is an American living in Paris who enters a highly sexually and emotionally charged relationship with the unstable Electra. Unaware of the effect it will have on their relationship, they invite their pretty neighbor into their bed.
ID: 379	TITLE: The Love of Sunya	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: In ancient Egypt, an evil priest drove a pure maiden to suicide. In today's reincarnation, to free himself the priest must find and help the maiden...now a young American singing student, Sunya Ashling, who is torn between pursuing a career in European opera, going to South America with fiancée Paul, or saving her father from financial ruin by marrying wealthy Robert Goring. The ancient priest, reincarnated as a gypsy vagabond, grants her visions of her future life if she should follow each of the three roads. Does each have a fatal drawback?
ID: 380	TITLE: Mr. Wu	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Raised by his grandfather to adhere to the ancient laws of China, Mandarin Wu is a strict authoritarian. However, he is a doting father to his beautiful daughter Nang Ping. Nang Ping is to be married to a man of her father's choosing, a man she does not even know. But she falls in love with a dashing British visitor to China, Basil Gregory. Basil informs Nang Ping that he must return to Britain with his family, but she surprises him with the revelation that she carries his child. Wu learns of his daughter's dishonor and lets the ancient laws of China lead him relentlessly toward tragedy.
ID: 381	TITLE: My Best Girl	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Joe Merrill, son of the millionaire owner of a chain of 5 and 10 cent stores, poses as Joe Grant, and takes a job in the stockroom of one of his father's stores, to prove that he can be a success without his father's influence. There he meets stockroom girl Maggie Johnson, and they fall in love. This causes problems, because Mrs. Merrill had planned for her son to marry Millicent Rogers, a high society girl.
ID: 382	TITLE: October (Ten Days that Shook the World)	GENRE: Drama, History	PLOT: In documentary style, events in Petrograd are re-enacted from the end of the monarchy in February of 1917 to the end of the provisional government and the decrees of peace and of land in November of that year. Lenin returns in April. In July, counter-revolutionaries put down a spontaneous revolt, and Lenin's arrest is ordered. By late October, the Bolsheviks are ready to strike: ten days will shake the world. While the Mensheviks vacillate, an advance guard infiltrates the palace. Anatov-Oveyenko leads the attack and signs the proclamation dissolving the provisional government.
ID: 383	TITLE: Quality Street	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: It's 1805 England, specifically on Quality Street, where a gentleman passerby is an event, not only for the lady being called upon, but also for the ever watching nosy female neighbors. Based on recent events, twenty year old Phoebe Throssel believes that a proposal of marriage from Dr. Valentine Brown is imminent. However, what Dr. Brown has come to tell Phoebe is that he has enlisted in the army to fight in the Napoleonic Wars, with no mention of any romantic feeling for her from his side. Fast forward ten years. Phoebe and her similarly older spinster sister Susan now run a school. The years and situation have not been kind to Phoebe, now thirty, drab and thus considered an unmarriable spinster. Upon Captain Brown's arrival back to Quality Street, he, by his immediate reaction to seeing Phoebe, too has noticed how Phoebe has changed from what he previously knew as a pretty young thing. Heartbroken, Phoebe, if only for herself, decides to regain some of her youth by paying attention to her appearance, which she has not done in quite some time. As Captain Brown does not recognize the remade Phoebe as the Phoebe he now knows, Patty, Phoebe and Susan's maid, makes an impromptu decision and introduces Phoebe as Livvie, Phoebe and Susan's visiting niece. Regardless of who she is, Captain Brown seems enthralled with "Livvie". However, Livvie catches the attention of many a young returning junior officer. Not going into the situation with a plan, Phoebe decides to continue to masquerade as Livvie, string along all the junior officers to make Captain Brown jealous leading to Captain Brown proposing marriage to her which she will rebuke as a ridiculous suggestion. However, Phoebe has to be able to pull of the scheme, which includes fooling the ever knowing spinster Willoughby sisters, Susan and Phoebe' closest friends. But an admission by Captain Brown to Livvie may make Phoebe change her plan of attack.
ID: 384	TITLE: The Red Mill	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Tina works as a barmaid at the Red Mill Tavern and is at the mercy of volatile and bad tempered owner, Willem. Dennis is a visitor to the area and Tina soon falls in love with him. Dennis doesn't share her feeling and leaves only to return later on. He becomes interested in Gretchen, the Burgomaster's daughter. However, Gretchen, about to enter into an arranged marriage with the Governor, is in love with Captain Jacop Van Goop. Tina and Gretchen enter into an elaborate masquerade in order to be with the men they each love.
ID: 385	TITLE: The Second 100 Years	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Two convicts (Laurel & Hardy), in an escape attempt, tunnel into the warden's office, instead. They then disguise themselves as painters and walk out the front gate. Needing new clothes, they steal suits from visiting dignitaries, take their places in a limousine, and are delivered back to the same prison for a tour.
ID: 386	TITLE: The Second Hundred Years	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: Prospector Luke Carpenter was frozen in suspended animation in the year 1900 while panning for gold in Alaska. He was successfully thawed and returned home perfectly preserved at 33 years ...
ID: 387	TITLE: 7th Heaven	GENRE: Drama, Family, Romance	PLOT: This weekly television series follows the Camden family as the minister father and stay-at-home mother deal with the drama of having seven children, ranging from toddlers to adults with families of their own. The friends, neighbors, and love interests of the various members of the family weigh heavily on the plot of the series, which seeks to address a real-life issue with each episode.
ID: 388	TITLE: Seventh Heaven	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: A Parisian sewer worker longs for a rise in status and a beautiful wife. He rescues a girl from the police, lives with her in a barren flat on the seventh floor, and then marches away to war.
ID: 389	TITLE: Spring Fever	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Hired to spy on a philandering husband, Luo Haitao soon becomes entangled in a clandestine affair with the other man. Along with Luo's girlfriend, they succumb to the delirium of drunken nights, but how long can their tryst last?
ID: 390	TITLE: Old Heidelberg	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Karl Heinrich is the heir to the throne of the small European principality of Rutania, but he's a lonely child, not allowed to play with other children and knowing little about life outside the castle. When he reaches college age he is sent to attend the University of Heidelberg, and really starts to enjoy himself for the first time, even falling in love with Kathie, his only friend during childhood and the niece of an innkeeper. However, political turmoil in Rutania forces him to return. He finds that the only way out of declaring war on a neighboring country would be to marry the daughter of its king--but that would require giving up Kathie, the only woman he's ever loved.
ID: 391	TITLE: The Student Prince in Old Heidelberg	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Young Prince Karl Heinrich has spent his entire life behind the palace gates protected from the world. He has been raised in a melancholy atmosphere of strict discipline and duty, yet he often looks out at the frolics of youths and maidens who live beyond the walls. When he passes his exams, Karl is sent to Heidelberg to complete his studies. It is a heady new world of brew, song, and comradeship. Karl falls in love with Kathi, a pretty barmaid, and she reciprocates. But can the love survive their disparate backgrounds? Will Karl ever find happiness or will duty deny it to him?
ID: 392	TITLE: Sunrise	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: In this fable-morality subtitled "A Song of Two Humans", the "evil" temptress is a city woman who bewitches farmer Anses and tries to convince him to murder his neglected wife, Indre.
ID: 393	TITLE: Tell It to the Marines	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: U.S. Marine Sergeant O'Hara has his hands full training raw recruits, one of whom, 'Skeets' Burns, is a particular thorn in his side. If Burns's lackadaisical approach to the military were not bad enough, he also makes advances on nurse Nora Dale, whom Sergeant O'Hara secretly loves. Nora is oblivious to O'Hara's feelings and is attracted to the handsome 'Skeet.' But an indiscretion turns her against him, and it takes an expedition to China and a battle with a warlord's bandit brigade to sort things out among the nurse and her two Marines.
ID: 394	TITLE: Bed and Sofa	GENRE: Comedy, Drama	PLOT: A married couple have a small apartment in Moscow. When an old friend of the husband's arrives in the city, he is unable to find lodgings. Kolia, the husband, invites his friend to move in with them.
ID: 395	TITLE: Twelve Miles Out	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Jerry always wins in his rivalry with Red over women, gunrunning, and diamond smuggling. While running booze into the U.S. during Prohibition, Jerry seizes Jane's seaside home. When she tries to turn him in, he kidnaps her and her fiance John. Jane, now in love with Jerry, must watch as Jerry and Red shoot it out on board Jerry's boat.
ID: 396	TITLE: Two Arabian Knights	GENRE: Comedy, Romance, Adventure	PLOT: Americans Sgt. Peter O'Gaffney and one of his soldiers, privileged "pretty boy" W. Daingerfield Phelps III (who is always drawing caricatures), are captured and interred at a POW camp in Northern Germany near the end of WWI. Their relationship has always been an antagonistic one based on what Phelps sees as O'Gaffney pushing him around. O'Gaffney's rank is despite being wanted by the police back home as a con man. It is because of these differences that their resulting friendship at camp is so unlikely, the friendship based on both having the nerve to attempt to escape. On a snow covered day, they do manage to escape, in part by stealing white robes to camouflage themselves against the snow. In their adventures and misadventures on the outside in trying to get to safety, those adventures which include being mistaken for Arab prisoners, they find themselves as stowaways on board a cargo ship headed to Arabia. It is there that they meet a beautiful Arab woman named Mirza, who they save from drowning. They are both immediately smitten by her, which is why they are so disappointed to learn that she is betrothed in an arranged marriage to the ruthless Shevket Ben Ali. As the two try to reach the safety of an American consulate, they also decide to try and liberate Mirza, which may be more dangerous than fighting in the trenches in the battlefields of France.
ID: 397	TITLE: The Horse Ate the Hat	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: On his way through the woods to his marriage, Fadinard's horse eats the hat of a married lady spending here a few moments with her lover. Fadinard has to find the very same rare hat to ...
ID: 398	TITLE: Underworld	GENRE: Action, Fantasy, Thriller	PLOT: A war has been raging between the Vampires and Lycan for centuries, Selene (Beckinsale) is a death dealer, assigned to hunt down and eradicate the last of the Lycan. When she comes across Michael Corvin (Speedman) who holds the key to end the war she must decide where her allegiances will lie.
ID: 399	TITLE: The Unknown	GENRE: Drama, Horror, Romance, Thriller	PLOT: Alonzo is an armless knife thrower and gun shooter for a circus---or so he appears. He is actually a burglar with his arms intact. He and his accomplice, Cojo (a little person), are hiding from the police, and Alonzo views his disguise as perfect, especially since it keeps from view an unusual deformity of his left hand that would immediately give him away as the burglar. Nanon, the daughter of the circus owner, is the target in his act. Although Alonzo is in love with her, Nanon's father despises him. Nanon is attracted to Malabar, the circus strong man, but she is also repulsed by his uninhibited sexual advances and desire to touch and hold her. Apparently her phobia extends to the touch of any man. Alonzo feeds her fears in the hopes that Nanon will fall in love with him since he is "armless." Because Zanzi discovers Alonzo really has arms, Alonzo kills him, but Nanon witnesses the killing without seeing Alonzo's face; however, she does see the telltale deformity of his left hand. As Alonzo continues to plot to steal Nanon away from Mirabar, Cojo makes him realize that she will hate him once she discovers he has arms---and the deformity showing that he is her father's murderer. Alonzo decides to have his left arm amputated, which he succeeds in doing through blackmailing a surgeon. He thinks Nanon will forgive him for hiding the fact that he has ONE arm. While Alonzo is recuperating from the surgery, Nanon gets over her fear of being touched and falls completely in love with Mirabar. Discovering this upon his return, Alonzo hatches a scheme to kill Mirabar as he attempts his latest, most daring stunt. Although the stunt goes horribly awry, it is Alonzo who gets killed.
ID: 400	TITLE: Wings	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War, Action	PLOT: Two young men from the same town but different social classes end up as fighter pilots in WW1. Jack Preston is a keen auto mechanic, building and modifying cars. David Armstrong comes from a wealthy family. They are both in love with the same woman, Sylvia. Her heart belongs to David but she doesn't let Jack know and plays along with his infatuation. Meanwhile, Jack's neighbour, Mary, is deeply in love with him but he just views her as a friend. WW1 interrupts the romantic entanglements as Jack and David enlist in the US Army Air Service (Air Service of the AEF at the time). They are initially bitter enemies, due to them both vying for Sylvia's affections. Over time, however, they become very good friends. They are both posted to the same fighter squadron in France, where being a fighter pilot means every day could easily be your last.
ID: 401	TITLE: Across to Singapore	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: It's the mid-nineteenth century. The neighboring Shore and Crowninshield families of the American east coast have a long tradition of seafaring. Of Jeremiah Shore's four sons, the only one not at sea is the youngest, Joel Shore, solely because of his age. Joel has had a long friendship with the Crowninshield's daughter, Priscilla Crowninshield, that friendship which is now on the brink of romantic love as they become of age, although this new-found love is unspoken on both sides. Joel hopes that when his eldest brother, Mark Shore, captain of the Nathan Ross, returns home from his latest voyage, he will allow Joel to sail with him. Although Mark still sees Joel as the "youngin'" of the family, Joel, through slightly underhanded means, is able to convince Mark that he is man enough to become a sailor. Also on this layover at home, Mark notices that Priscilla has become a beautiful young woman, who he now wants to marry. Mark arranges the engagement with his father and Priscilla's father without Priscilla's knowledge. The public announcement of the engagement shocks both Joel and Priscilla, the latter who has no romantic interest in Mark. On the Nathan Ross' first sailing following the engagement, that sailing to Singapore, Captain Mark makes a decision that unwittingly sets off a series of events that jeopardize both his and Joel's lives, but also tests whether in this situation family and brotherly loyalty or being with the woman you love is more important.
ID: 402	TITLE: All the Brothers Were Valiant	GENRE: Adventure, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Sea-faring saga of two brothers (Robert Taylor, Stewart Granger) and the woman they both love. Set against South Pacific islands, this love triangle pits the good brother against the bad as they squabble over Ann Blyth and a bag of pearls on the floor of a lagoon; the bad boy redeems himself, however, by helping fend off a mutiny.
ID: 403	TITLE: Beggars of Life	GENRE: Adventure, Drama	PLOT: After killing her treacherous step-father, a girl tries to escape the country with a young vagabond. She dresses as a boy, they hop freight trains, quarrel with a group of hobos, and steal a car in their attempt to escape the police, and reach Canada.
ID: 404	TITLE: Pandora's Box	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Lulu is a beautiful young woman who can seemingly work her charms on all of the men around her. She is currently being kept by the rich editor Dr. Ludwig Schön. She is just a plaything however and he is engaged to be married to Charlotte, a woman of his own class. He arranges for Lulu to appear in his son Alwa's musical revue and he too falls for all of her charms. When Dr. Schön and his fiancée go to the theater, Lulu ensures that he is put in a compromising situation and the elder Schön feels he now must marry her, knowing full well it will ruin his reputation. On his wedding day, Dr. Schön reaches his breaking point. His actions cost him his life however and Lulu is convicted of manslaughter. She escapes with the help of her old cronies but together they begin a downward spiral.
ID: 405	TITLE: The Cameraman	GENRE: Comedy, Romance, Family, Drama	PLOT: After becoming infatuated with a pretty office worker for MGM Newsreels, Buster trades in his tintype operation for a movie camera and sets out to impress the girl (and MGM) with his work.
ID: 406	TITLE: The Cardboard Lover	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: A ditzy American girl visiting Monte Carlo is hired by a tennis champ to be his "cardboard lover"--to pretend to be in love with him so he can teach his two-timing fiancé a lesson and win her back. What he doesn't realize is that the girl isn't pretending--she actually is in love with him, and she sets out to win him for herself.
ID: 407	TITLE: The Circus	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: The Tramp finds himself at a circus where he is promptly chased around by the police who think he is a pickpocket. Running into the Bigtop, he is an accidental sensation with his hilarious efforts to elude the police. The circus owner immediately hires him, but discovers that the Tramp cannot be funny on purpose, so he takes advantage of the situation by making the Tramp a janitor who just happens to always be in the Bigtop at showtime. Unaware of this exploitation, the Tramp falls for the owner's lovely acrobatic stepdaughter, who is abused by her father. His chances seem good, until a dashing rival comes in and Charlie feels he has to compete with him.
ID: 408	TITLE: The Cossacks	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Lukashka is the son of a fierce Cossack chief, but he would rather relax in the woods or flirt with his sweetheart Maryana than go to battle with the neighboring Turks. However, his life changes when he is publicly humiliated by his fellow villagers and rejected by Maryana, who regard him as a coward. Overnight, Lukashka proves himself a capable warrior to prove them all wrong, impressing his father and Maryana; however, when she tries to apologize for her cruel treatment of him, he ignores her, even though he is still in love with her. Matters get complicated when the Tsar's son comes to village in search of a bride and sets his eyes on Maryana. And then there's still the Turks to contend with...
ID: 409	TITLE: The Mob	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir	PLOT: Police detective Damico, outwitted by mob killer Blackie Clay, is nominally suspended; actually he goes undercover (as Tim Flynn, ex-con longshoreman) to find Clay and expose the waterfront rackets. In character, Damico throws his weight around so much that the mobsters try to get rid of him; surviving this, he begins to realize that few of those around him are what they seem.
ID: 410	TITLE: The Crowd	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Born on the fourth of July, 1900, the future holds unlimited potential for newborn John Sims. But dreams soon fade with the death of his father when John is but a lad. Like many before him, John sets out to make his mark in New York City, but ends up a faceless worker (#137) in a large office of a large business. Still he is happy with his fate and soon meets a young woman named Mary on a blind double date. Things take their course and they soon marry and live in a small apartment. Soon John is bickering with Mary and finds that he has no love for the in-laws. When the marriage looks like a bust, he finds that Mary is with child and he stays. After 5 years, he has a son and a daughter and the same dead end job. When tragedy strikes, John must find the conviction to continue or lose what little he has left.
ID: 411	TITLE: The Docks of New York	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir, Romance	PLOT: Bill Roberts works as a stoker on a coal-red barge. It's dirty, hard work and the men have to put up with a foreman, Andy, who seems to enjoy making their life miserable. When finally off the ship, Bill sees a young woman struggling in the water - apparently trying to commit suicide. He takes her to the Sandbar saloon, the sailors' hangout. The girl is Mae and Bill takes a shine to her but so does Andy. One thing leads to another and Bill asks her to marry him then and there. They don't have a marriage ;licence however and despite Bill promising to get one first thing the morning he decides to leave her behind. When she gets into trouble however, Bill steps in.
ID: 412	TITLE: The Fall of the House of Usher	GENRE: Horror	PLOT: Allan has a hard time finding the Usher's house, which is known to be cursed... But he is a personal friend of Roderick Usher, who lives with his sick wife Madeline and a doctor. Roderick is painting a portrait of Madeline, but every pose exhausts her. Allan worries more and more...
ID: 413	TITLE: The Finishing Touch	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: The boys are contracted to build a house in one day. Upon completion, a bird lands on the chimney and the house collapses, bit by bit. When the owner demands his money back, mayhem ensues.
ID: 414	TITLE: Four Sons	GENRE: Drama, War	PLOT: In Burgendorf, Bavaria, Mother Bernle has four sons. Franz is in the army, Johann works at the forge, Andreas tends the sheep. Joseph is riding a hay wagon with a pretty girl when some of the hay falls off, landing on the fearsome Maj. Von Stomm. Joseph gets a slap from the major... The jovial postman has brought a letter from America. Joseph has the offer of a job in the States. But getting there is so expensive... It's Mother Bernle's birthday and most of the town gathers for the dancing. Mother gives Joseph the money she has secreted away. He leaves for the USA... It is "Der Tag", The Day when war is declared. Franz and Johann are excited about their new uniforms. But America is still neutral. Joseph runs the German-American Delicatessen with his new wife Annabelle. The reports of the first German battles with the Russians are good. So why does the postman carry a black-edged letter for Mother Bernle? When America does enter the war, Joseph enlists and meets his friend, the iceman from the deli... Times are very bad in Burgendorf. Von Stomm accuses Mother Bernle: she is the "mother of a traitor"...
ID: 415	TITLE: The Gallopin' Gaucho	GENRE: Animation, Short, Comedy	PLOT: Mickey rides up to a cantina and does a tango with Minnie. When a big cat steals her away, Mickey gives chase, riding a drunken ostrich. At the hideout, Mickey has a swordfight with the cat.
ID: 416	TITLE: A Girl in Every Port	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: After two sailors are conned into buying a lame race-horse, they go ashore to sort out the problem, but when they realize that the horse is one of a pair of identical twins, their plan for revenge becomes more complicated.
ID: 417	TITLE: The Last Command	GENRE: Drama, History, Romance, War	PLOT: A decorated, aristocratic Czarist General is reduced to penury after the collapse of Imperial Russia. An old adversary, now a successful director hires the general to re-enact the revolution which deposed him.
ID: 418	TITLE: Laugh, Clown, Laugh	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: As professional clowns Tito and Simon are traveling, they happen upon an abandoned child, whom they take in and name Simonetta. When Simonetta is older, she becomes a circus performer herself. One day she is looking for roses, and climbs into the garden of Count Luigi Ravelli. The count becomes infatuated with her, but she leaves as soon as possible. Sometime later, Ravelli consults a doctor about his fits of uncontrollable laughter, and there he meets Tito, who has come to seek help for his fits of uncontrollable weeping. The two decide to help each other, and they establish a friendship, but problems arise when they realize that they are both in love with Simonetta.
ID: 419	TITLE: Leave 'Em Laughing	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Leaving the dentist's office, where Hardy's teeth have been extracted by mistake, the boys, still under the influence of laughing gas, meet up with a traffic cop (Kennedy) and cause a huge traffic jam.
ID: 420	TITLE: Lights of New York	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Music, Romance	PLOT: A young kid from Upstate New York named Eddie (Landis) is conned into fronting for a speakeasy on Broadway. Throughout the con there is an inevitable chorus-girl with a heart of gold (Costello), a cop-killing gangster boss (Oakman) and his downtrodden ex-girlfriend (Brockwell).
ID: 421	TITLE: Lilac Time	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: All of those handsome young men in their flying machines are billeted in a field next to the Widow Berthelot's farmhouse in France. Her daughter Jeannine is curious about the young men fighting for England in World War I and their airplanes. Then one of the aviators is killed. His replacement is Captain Philip Blythe who can't help but notice Jeannine. When he lands the first time, she is standing in the middle of his "runway." She makes a more favorable impression when he sees her later by the lilacs. When all of the young men depart on a mission, Blythe promises to return.
ID: 422	TITLE: Lonesome	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: A lonesome boy and a lonesome girl meet accidentally on their Saturday-off at Coney Island. It is love at fight sight but over the bewilderment of their sudden romance and escape from loneliness, they don't even realize they don'y even known each other's name until a fire breaks out and they are separated.
ID: 423	TITLE: Solitude	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Soledad is an artist who has with drawn from society by moving into the desert. She lives a life alone seemingly immersed in noticing and painting the beauty that shes sees. Somewhere ...
ID: 424	TITLE: The Man Who Laughs	GENRE: Drama, Horror, Mystery, Romance, Thriller	PLOT: Gwynplaine, son of Lord Clancharlie, has a permanent smile carved on his face by the King, in revenge for Gwynplaine's father's treachery. Gwynplaine is adopted by a travelling showman and becomes a popular idol. He falls in love with the blind Dea. The king dies, and his evil jester tries to destroy or corrupt Gwynplaine.
ID: 425	TITLE: The Mysterious Lady	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: In Vienna, in the beginning of the Twentieth Century, Captain Karl von Raden and his partner Captain Max Heinrich learn in the box office that the ticket for the opera is sold-out. Out of the blue, a man returns his ticket and Karl buys it and shares a box with a gorgeous woman that is waiting for her cousin. Karl gives a ride home to the lady and they spend the night together. On the next day, they spend a wonderful day in the countryside together. Karl is assigned to travel to Berlin by train to deliver secret plans to the German government. His uncle, Colonel Eric von Raden, who is the chief of the Austrian secret service, advises Karl the woman with whom he had spent the previous day is the notorious Russian spy Tania Fedorova. While in the train, Tania meets Karl to tell that she is in love with him, but he rejects her telling that he knows who she is. On the next morning, Karl wakes up and finds that the plans have been stolen and he receives a message from Tania telling that she came as a woman in love with him and left as his enemy. Karl is expelled and imprisoned by the army as traitor but his uncle offers him the chance to clean his name, traveling to Warsaw to find who the traitor is. Karl poses as pianist and meets Tania and her lover, the powerful General Boris Alexandroff. What will Karl and Tania do?
ID: 426	TITLE: Plane Crazy	GENRE: Animation, Family, Comedy, Short	PLOT: Mickey and his friends build an airplane from wood, using a dachshund like a rubber band. This plane never takes off, and quickly crashes into a tree. Mickey stretches his car into a semblance of an airplane, and brings Minnie along this time. Mickey is thrown from the plane, and struggles to get back in. The plane finally takes off. Mickey tries to get a kiss, but Minnie resists, and after Mickey kisses her anyway, she jumps out, using her bloomers as a parachute. Mickey crashes the plane soon after that.
ID: 427	TITLE: Storm Over Asia	GENRE: Drama, War	PLOT: In 1918 a simple Mongolian herdsman escapes to the hills after brawling with a western capitalist fur trader who cheats him. In 1920 he helps the partisans fight for the Soviets against the occupying army. However he is captured when the army tries to requisition cattle from the herdsmen at the same time as the commandant meets with the reincarnated Grand Lama. After being shot, the army discovers an amulet that suggests he was a direct descendant of Genghis Khan. They find him still alive, so the army restores his health and plans to use him as the head of a Mongolian puppet regime.
ID: 428	TITLE: The Racket	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir, Thriller	PLOT: The big national crime syndicate has moved into town, partnering up with local crime boss Nick Scanlon. There are only two problems: First, Nick is the violent type, preferring to do things the old-fashioned way instead of using the syndicate's more genteel methods. The second problem is McQuigg, the only honest police captain on the force, and his loyal patrolman, Johnson. Together, they take on the violent Nick and try to foil the syndicate's plans to elect Welch, the crooked prosecutor running for a crooked judgeship.
ID: 429	TITLE: Sadie Thompson	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Sadie Thompson arrives in Pago-Pago to start a new life, but when extremist missionary Davidson lashes out against her lifestyle and tries to force her back to San Francisco, she may lose her second chance.
ID: 430	TITLE: Should Married Men Go Home?	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: When Laurel visits Hardy at home, hi-jinx occur and the Mrs. orders them out. They go to a golf course where they try to impress two young ladies and wind up in a mud-slinging fight with other golfers.
ID: 431	TITLE: Show People	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Colonel Pepper brings his daughter, Peggy, to Hollywood from Georgia to be an actress. There she meets Billy who gets her work at Comet Studio doing comedies with him. But Peggy is discovered by High Art Studio and she leaves Billy and Comet to work there. For her new image, she is now Patricia Pepoire and ignores Billy when he sees her on location. When she is not longer wanted by the little people who do not understand "ART", she plans to marry Andre to get a fake title. Billy will not let her go without a fight.
ID: 432	TITLE: Speedy	GENRE: Action, Comedy, Family	PLOT: "Speedy" loses his job as a soda-jerk, then spends the day with his girl at Coney Island. He then becomes a cab driver and delivers Babe Ruth to Yankee Stadium, where he stays to see the game. When the railroad tries to run the last horse-drawn trolley (operated by his girl's grandfather) out of business, "Speedy" organizes the neighborhood oldtimers to thwart their scheme.
ID: 433	TITLE: Spies	GENRE: Romance, Thriller	PLOT: Haghi is a criminal mastermind whose ubiquitous spy operation is always several steps ahead of the police and the government's secret service. Enter Agent 326, the daring and dashing young man, who thinks his disguise as a dirty, bearded vagrant is fooling the unknown mastermind and his minions. But Haghi is well aware of 326's existence and what he looks like. Enter Sonya, a Russian lady in Haghi's employ. Haghi wants Sonya to subvert the efforts of the government agent, but doesn't count on her falling in love with him. Meanwhile, Haghi is anxious to get his hands on a Japanese peace treaty in the possession of the cunning Doctor Masimoto, whose mistress is also in his employ.
ID: 434	TITLE: Steamboat Bill, Jr.	GENRE: Action, Comedy, Drama, Family, Romance	PLOT: Following through on a promise to his mother, William Canning Jr. goes to River Junction to meet his father who has not seen him since he was a child. The younger Canning isn't quite what the elder was expecting but the old man has bigger problems. He's being put out of business by J.J. King, who not only owns the local hotel and bank, but has recently introduced a new paddle wheel steamer that puts Cannings older boat, the Stonewall Jackson, to shame. Bill Jr. and Kitty King take a liking to each other much to the dismay of both of their fathers. When a fierce storm hits River Junction, Bill Jr. is forced to save Kitty, her father and his father.
ID: 435	TITLE: Steamboat Willie	GENRE: Animation, Short, Comedy, Family, Musical	PLOT: Mickey is piloting a steamboat when Captain Pete comes to the bridge and throws him off. They stop to pick up cargo. Minnie just misses the boat and Mickey uses the crane to grab her. She drops her sheet music of "Turkey in the Straw" and a goat eats it. With help from Mickey, she cranks the goat's tail, and it plays the tune. Mickey accompanies on percussion and by torturing various animals, until Pete comes down and puts a stop to it, putting Mickey to work peeling potatoes. While this is the first sound Mickey Mouse, there's no dialog.
ID: 436	TITLE: Street Angel	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: In Naples, where prostitutes can pay their rent, Angela is sentenced to a year in the workhouse when she tries to steal(while streetwalking) to pay for medicine for her dying mother. She escapes and is hidden by a circus, where she's a natural talent and meets Gino, a painter. When she breaks her ankle in a fall, her career ends. What can she and Gino do? He wants to go to Naples, but the law may still be looking for her, and Gino doesn't know about her past. Starving artist and a beauty with a secret: is there room in this world for them?
ID: 437	TITLE: Their Purple Moment	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Stanley and Oliver sneak out for a night on the town, unaware that Mrs. Laurel has substituted her grocery coupons for Stanley's secret stash of mad money. Of course, this results in dire consequences when the boys run up a huge tab treating a couple of girls to dinner at a snazzy nightclub.
ID: 438	TITLE: Two Tars	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Stanley and Oliver, two sailors on shore leave, rent a car and go on a drive with their dates, but soon get involved in a huge traffic jam with dozens of ill-tempered motorists. A minor collision sets off an escalating series of tit-for-tat retaliations which eventually has most of the cars in pieces.
ID: 439	TITLE: We Faw Down	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Stan & Ollie are stuck at home with their wives, unable to sneak out to a poker game. When their friends call to ask why they're delayed, Ollie pretends it's their boss, inviting them to a show at the Orpheum Theatre. En route to the poker game, the boys offer to assist two young women, Kay & Vera, who are trying to retrieve Kay's hat from under a car. The boys also attempt to retrieve the hat, but are doused with water when a street-cleaning truck passes. The ladies invite them to their apartment to dry off. Meanwhile, Mrs. Laurel & Mrs. Hardy hear that the Orpheum Theatre is on fire, and rush out for news. While the boys relax in dressing gowns, Kay flirts with Stan, but he resists her. Suddenly, her tough boyfriend "One-Round" Kelly returns, finds Stan & Ollie, and pulls a knife on them. They escape out a window frantically pulling on their clothes, unaware that they're been seen doing so by their wives. On their return home, the boys tell an elaborate tale of the show they attended at the Orpheum that day-- until Stan notices the afternoon paper's headline, ORPHEUM THEATRE BURNS. Mrs. Hardy exits to fetch her hunting rifle . . .
ID: 440	TITLE: The Wedding March	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Prince Nikki, Lieutenant of the Guard in pre WWI Vienna, is flat broke, but the only advice he gets from his parents is either to shoot himself or to marry money. During the Chorpus Christi parade his horse accidentaly hurts poor Mitzi, the daughter of inn-keepers in a Viennese suburb, who is, according to the wishes of her parents, going to marry the butcher Schani. When Nikki visits her at the hospital, they fall in love, much to the dislike of her parents and Schani. Nikki's parents, meanwhile have arranged a prospective marriage with Cecilia, the limping daughter of a very rich non-aristocratic industrial. Due to the fact, that Nikki's father is a general in the Austrian-Hungarian Army, resitance is useless. When Mitzi, after hearing of it, is still refusing Schani's proposal, he vowes to shoot Nikki when he leaves the church.
ID: 441	TITLE: West of Zanzibar	GENRE: Drama, Mystery	PLOT: Magician Phroso's wife Anna leaves him for another man, named Crane, who fights with Phroso and leaves him paralyzed. Later Anna returns and he finds her dead, leaving behind a daughter. For 18 years Phroso, known as "Dead Legs" by his cronies, plots his revenge, becoming a pseudo-king in East Africa, nearby where Crane has set up an ivory business. When the daughter is grown, having lived in a brothel in Zanzibar thanks to "Dead Legs", Phroso put his plan into action, resulting in revenge and retribution all around.
ID: 442	TITLE: White Shadows in the South Seas	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Matthew Lloyd has drifted away from a respectable career as a physician, and lives a mediocre existence in a Polynesian island. There, pearl-trader Sebastian and his associates recklessly exploit the natives working for them as divers. After witnessing the appalling consequences of "civilization" on the local population, Matthew vehemently condemns Sebastian's greed and ruthlessness. Sebastian, however, will not shy away from any means to crush opposition to his activities.
ID: 443	TITLE: The Wind	GENRE: Drama, Romance, Western	PLOT: Innocent and naive Letty Mason moves from her Virginia home to Sweet Water on the western prairies to live on the ranch of her cousin Beverly, his wife Cora and their three children. Letty quickly learns how inhospitable the environment in Sweet Water is, the most obvious item being the incessant wind. But equally inhospitable are the unrefined way the people in Sweet Water live to which she is unaccustomed, and Cora, who believes Letty has come to steal Beverly away from her. As such, Cora orders Letty out of her and Bev's house. With no money, Letty is forced to accept one of the marriage proposal she receives, the lesser evil being that from Bev and Cora's ranching neighbor, Lige Hightower, a man who she does not love. Despite a less than harmonious start, Letty, in part due to her isolation as she is more often than not forced to stay inside due to the wind, begins to have affection for Lige, who wants to do right by her, and who promises to send her back to Virginia when he is financial able. But a visitor who takes refuge in their house away from the wind may threaten Letty's ultimate happiness.
ID: 444	TITLE: A Woman of Affairs	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Even when Diana, Neville and David played together as children, Diana knew that she loved Nevs. But Morton, Nevs' father, did not like any Merrick. Since Nevs did not have any money, Morton sent him off to Egypt to work and also talked him out of marrying Diana before he left. Diana waited two years and then married David, who Jeffry thought was the greatest thing since sliced bread. While in Paris, David jumps to his death when the cops come after him and Diana lies about the reason for the sake of Jeffry. Of course Jeffry, who has been a drunk all his life, cuts all ties with Diana. While Nevs still loves Diana, she does not return to England for seven years - just 3 days before Nevs' wedding to Constance.
ID: 445	TITLE: You're Darn Tootin'	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Music	PLOT: Members of a municipal band, Stanley and Oliver seem to be always following someone else's lead, rather than that of the temperamental conductor. Soon they're out of a job, as well as their lodgings when the landlady finds out they've been fired. The boys try their luck at being street musicians, but the tiffs they get into with each other soon spread to passersby in general, until the street is filled with men pulling each other's pants off.
ID: 446	TITLE: Alibi	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: For years, well-integrated ethnic Moroccon Amsterdam screw-up Youssef lied his way trough life, including his ma's matching efforts. Slick wheeler-dealer Rick recruits the born liar for his firm, an 'alibi office' which helps people get away with cheating on their partners. Youssef soon becomes disguise genius Sander's best mate. Things get tricky when both Rick and Youssef fall in love with airhead waitress Andrea and Rick orders Youssef to arrange his alibi for cheating on his wife, unsuspecting lawyer Tanya.
ID: 447	TITLE: Angora Love	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Mercantile owner Mr. Caribeau believes that his favorite goat, Penelope, who is tied up outside his store, has been stolen. In reality, Penelope escaped on her own doing. Penelope ends up in the possession of Stan and Ollie, who learn that she is believed to have been stolen but who Penelope won't leave alone regardless. So Stan and Ollie decide to take Penelope home to their room at the hotel apartment. Keeping her in their room may be a problem as they sneak her in in the middle of the night and as their room is right above the bedroom of their strict landlord. She being in their room leads to one misadventure after another for Stan, Ollie, the landlord and another tenant. But the fact of the police still believing Penelope to be stolen may put an end to Penelope's association with Stan, Ollie and the rest of the people in the building... that is unless Penelope has other ideas.
ID: 448	TITLE: Applause	GENRE: Drama, Musical	PLOT: This early example of the "backstage" musical genre tells the story of Kitty Darling, a fading burlesque star who tries to save her convent-educated daughter April from following in Mom's footsteps.
ID: 449	TITLE: L'Argent	GENRE: Crime, Drama	PLOT: A forged 500-franc note is cynically passed from person to person and shop to shop, until it falls into the hands of a genuine innocent who doesn't see it for what it is - which will have devastating consequences on his life, causing him to turn to crime and murder...
ID: 450	TITLE: Bacon Grabbers	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Stan & Ollie find work as debt collectors. Their first assignment is to collect a late payment on a radio set. The owner refuses to pay the debt, so Stan & Ollie decide to reclaim the set. The owner will not let the duo in to reclaim the radio, and a fight breaks out as Stan & Ollie try to break in while the owner tries his hardest to keep them out.
ID: 451	TITLE: Berth Marks	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Big-time (so they think) vaudeville stars Stanley and Oliver take the train to Pottsville, their next booking. On board, they bumble into the wrong sleeping compartment, startling a semi-dressed woman. Her irate husband mistakes another passenger for the intruder and starts a coat-ripping free- for-all. The boys spend the rest of the trip trying to squeeze themselves into their cramped single upper berth.
ID: 452	TITLE: Big Business	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: In the 1940s in the small town of Jupiter Hollow, two sets of identical twins are born in the same hospital on the same night. One set to a poor local family and the other to a rich family just passing through. The dizzy nurse on duty accidentally mixes the twins unbeknown to the parents. Our story flashes forward to the 1980s where the mismatched sets of twins are about to cross paths following a big business deal to closedown the Jupiter Hollow factory.
ID: 453	TITLE: The Broadway Melody	GENRE: Drama, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Harriet and Queenie Mahoney, a vaudeville act, come to Broadway, where their friend Eddie Kerns needs them for his number in one of Francis Zanfield's shows. Eddie was in love with Harriet, but when he meets Queenie, he falls in love to her, but she is courted by Jock Warriner, a member of the New Yorker high society. It takes a while till Queenie recognizes, that she is for Jock nothing more than a toy, and it also takes a while till Harriet recognizes, that Eddie is in love with Queenie.
ID: 454	TITLE: Bulldog Drummond	GENRE: Drama, Mystery, Thriller	PLOT: Hugh 'Bulldog' Drummond is a British WWI veteran who longs for some excitement after he returns to the humdrum existence of civilian life. He gets what he's looking for when a girl requests his help in freeing her uncle from a nursing home. She believes the home is just a front and that her uncle is really being held captive while the culprits try to extort his fortune from him.
ID: 455	TITLE: The Cocoanuts	GENRE: Comedy, Musical	PLOT: Mr. Hammer runs a bankrupt Florida hotel. He'll try anything to make money, even make love to rich Mrs. Potter. But his main scheme, selling real estate, is in danger of sabotage from zanies Chico and Harpo, who also reduce the schemes of a pair of jewel thieves to chaos. A subplot involves the star-crossed love of Polly Potter and architect Bob Adams.
ID: 456	TITLE: Coquette	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Norma Besant, daughter of a Southern doctor, is an incorrigible flirt and has many boys on her string. She begins to favor Michael Jeffrey, who, shiftless and hot-tempered but fundamentally honorable, is warned off by her father. When Michael returns after a long absence, the pair are innocently compromised, and Dr. Besant's old-South paternal rage brings tragedy.
ID: 457	TITLE: Thirst	GENRE: Drama, Horror, Romance	PLOT: Sang-hyun, a priest working for a hospital, selflessly volunteers for a secret vaccine development project intended to eradicate a deadly virus. However, the virus eventually takes over the priest. He nearly dies, but makes a miraculous recovery by an accidental transfusion of vampire blood. He realizes his sole reason for living: the pleasures of the flesh.
ID: 458	TITLE: The Divine Lady	GENRE: Drama, History, Romance, War	PLOT: A partly fictionalized account of history begins with the arrival of slatternly Emma Hart, a cook's daughter, at the home of Charles Greville. Greville takes her as his lover and grooms her until their relationship becomes an inconvenience. Greville then dupes Emma into traveling to Naples to live with his uncle, Lord Hamilton, ambassador to the court at Naples. Realizing that Greville has abandoned her, Emma agrees to marry Lord Hamilton. Soon, however, she meets Admiral Horatio Nelson of the British Navy. Emma plays a crucial role in convincing Naples to open its ports to Nelson during his campaign against Napoleon's French fleet. Soon, Emma and the married Nelson become romantically involved -- a relationship which will have consequences for them both.
ID: 459	TITLE: Double Whoopee	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Stanley and Oliver, in their new jobs as footman and doorman at a ritzy hotel, wreak their usual havoc on the guests, including partially undressing a swanky blonde guest and repeatedly escorting a haughty Prussian nobleman into an empty elevator shaft.
ID: 460	TITLE: Woman in the Moon	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance, Sci-Fi	PLOT: Thirty years ago, at a scientific conference, Prof. Manfeldt presented his theory on the existence of gold on the Moon. It was greeted with laughter by the assembled academics. Today, Herr Helius has ambitious plans to build a spaceship... and take it to the Moon! Windegger, his chief engineer, will be going, and so will Prof. Manfeldt, now living in a cramped garret alone with his theory. But there are disagreements with the financiers who insist that their man Turner also accompany the flight... The unmanned Rocket H 32 brings back valuable information from the dark side of the Moon. Helius is upset by the news of Windegger's engagement to the pretty Friede. And the financiers have a secret agenda: to control the world's gold supply... Finally, the Spaceship "Friede" is ready as it rolls out on its gantry for takeoff. The staged rocket works as planned, but the acceleration is fierce. As they approach the Moon, they discover a stowaway on board, Gustav, a little boy...
ID: 461	TITLE: Glorifying the American Girl	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Musical	PLOT: Gloria, Barabara and Buddy are working at the sheet music counter in a New York department store. On a trip of the whole store, Gloria, who's in love with Buddy, is spotted by vaudeville hoofer Miller, whom his partner Mooney, like her predecessors, has just left. Miller tours with Gloria and both are spotted by Ziegfeld's talent scouts, just before they were splitting up, leaving Gloria with a contract giving Miller a part of her earnings in the next few years. Gloria becomes the star of a new Ziegfeld production, but Barbara, who has been pining for buddy for quite a while, seems to have more luck with him.
ID: 462	TITLE: The Great Gabbo	GENRE: Drama, Musical, Romance	PLOT: An insanely, egocentric ventriloquist, even though he is possessed by his wooden dummy, is in love with a dancer who is in love with another. The dummy gives advice to the ventriloquist.
ID: 463	TITLE: Hallelujah	GENRE: Drama, Musical	PLOT: In a juke joint, sharecropper Zeke falls for a beautiful dancer, Chick, but she's only setting him up for a rigged craps game. He loses $100, the money he got for the sale of his family's entire cotton crop. His brother Spunk is mortally wounded in the shoot-out which follows. Zeke goes away but returns as Brother Zekiel the preacher. His forceful preaching draws the faithful in large numbers. Even Chick wants to be saved. Zekiel has asked the pretty Missy Rose to marry him, but Chick can still cast a spell over the preacher...
ID: 464	TITLE: Kamen Rider Black: Terrifying! The Phantom House of Devil Pass	GENRE: Action, Adventure, Drama, Horror, Sci-Fi	PLOT: Golgom and Shadowmoon took over the town of Yubure. A scientist, who has some codes to put a mecha online to destroy Black, escaped. Minami Kotaro (Kamen Rider Black) was shopping with his family, and saw the man get out of a truck, looking scared. Kotaro follows the man, and ends up saving him. The man tells Kotaro about Yubure, and Kotaro rides to the town to find it all deserted, or is it? Kotaro meets up with a group of people, they tell him of the problem, and he goes straight to the City Hall to fight the Golgom Priests and Shadowmoon. First, Black has to play chicken with a couple of Army trucks, and he's on his bike. Then he fights some monster, during the fight, Shadowmoon appears. Sends Black to another place and fights some reborn monsters from the TV show. Black gets back to the front of city hall. And fights Shadowmoon. Meanwhile, the scientist, who had no choice but to go back to Yubure because his family is being held captive, gets the mecha online. After a long battle, Shadowmoon flies up on the roof, vowing he'll return.