ID: 0	TITLE: Cinderella	GENRE: Drama, Family, Fantasy, Romance	PLOT: A girl named Ella (Cinderella) has the purest heart living in a cruel world filled with evil stepsisters and an evil stepmother out to ruin Ella's life. Ella comes one with her pure heart when she meets the prince and dances her way to a better life with glass shoes, and a little help from her fairy godmother, of course.
ID: 1	TITLE: A Kiss in the Tunnel	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Romance	PLOT: A train moves down the track. In a car, seated next to each other in a companionable way, is a couple who are reading, probably wife and husband. As the train enters a tunnel, the man abandons his reading, turns to the woman, and kisses her; she is somewhat reluctant. As the train leaves the tunnel, they return to their books.
ID: 2	TITLE: The Enchanted Drawing	GENRE: Animation, Short, Comedy	PLOT: An easel holds a sketch pad upon which Blackton draws a cartoonish face of a man. He makes the cartoon react by giving it wine, cigars, and a top hat. Objects magically go into the drawing--becoming part of the cartoon image, and out of the drawing--becoming physical objects again.
ID: 3	TITLE: The Countryman's First Sight of the Animated Pictures	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: A satire on the way that audiences unaccustomed to the cinema didn't know how to react to the moving images on a screen - in this film, an unsophisticated (and stereotypical) country yokel is alternately baffled and terrified, in the latter case by the apparent approach of a steam train
ID: 4	TITLE: The Story of a Crime	GENRE: Animation, Short	PLOT: Noises at night made by rude neighbors cause the very friendly and peaceful Vasily Mamin to commit a crime. The cartoon serves as an explanation as of why such a brutal crime is committed at the beginning. It is a flashback at how Mamin spent his last 24 hours before the crime.
ID: 5	TITLE: History of a Crime	GENRE: Short, Crime, Drama	PLOT: La cella di un condannato a morte. L'uomo sta dormendo e sogna il passato che lo ha portato in prigione : vita frenetica, cattive amicizie, alcolismo, l'assassinio di un cassiere di banca. Alla fine sogna di arrampicarsi sulla forca, ed improvvisamente si risveglia...
ID: 6	TITLE: Uncle Josh at the Moving Picture Show	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: A side-splitter. Uncle Josh occupies a box at a vaudeville theatre, where a moving picture show is going on. First a dancer appears on the screen. Uncle Josh jumps to the stage and endeavors to make lover to her, but she flits away, and immediately there appears upon the screen the picture of an express train running at sixty miles an hour. Uncle Josh becomes panic-stricken, and fearing to be struck by the train, makes a dash for his box. He is no sooner seated than a country couple appear upon the screen, at a well. Before they pump the pail full of water they indulge in a love-making scene. Uncle Josh thinks he recognizes his own daughter, jumps upon the stage, removes his coat and prepares to chastise the lover, and grabbing the moving picture screen he hauls it down, and to his great surprise finds a kinetoscope operator in the rear. The operator is made furious by Uncle Josh interrupting his show, and grappling with him they roll over and over upon the stage in an exciting encounter.
ID: 7	TITLE: The Great Train Robbery	GENRE: Short, Action, Crime, Western	PLOT: Among the earliest existing films in American cinema - notable as the first film that presented a narrative story to tell - it depicts a group of cowboy outlaws who hold up a train and rob the passengers. They are then pursued by a Sheriff's posse. Several scenes have color included - all hand tinted.
ID: 8	TITLE: Life of an American Fireman	GENRE: Short, Action	PLOT: Porter's sequential continuity editing links several shots to form a narrative of firemen responding to a house fire. They leave the station with their horse drawn pumper, arrive on the scene, and effect the safe rescue of a woman from the burning house. But wait, she tells them of her child yet asleep in the burning bedroom . . .
ID: 9	TITLE: The Music Lover	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Music	PLOT: A marching band appears, and the band-leader prepares to give them the music for the song he wants them to play. He has prepared a large staff above their heads, and he now creates notes by making duplicates of his own head, placing them on the staff, and completing the notes with sticks and other implements taken from the band members. When he has finished, the players attempt to perform the music that has been written in such an unusual fashion.
ID: 10	TITLE: Fairyland: A Kingdom of Fairies	GENRE: Short, Adventure, Fantasy	PLOT: At the royal court, a prince is presenting the princess whom he is pledged to marry, when a witch suddenly appears. Though driven off, the witch soon returns, summons some of her servants, and carries off the princess. A rescue party is quickly organized, but the unfortunate captive has been taken to a strange, forbidding realm, from where it will be impossible to rescue her without some special help.
ID: 11	TITLE: The Land Beyond the Sunset	GENRE: Short, Drama, Fantasy	PLOT: Thanks to the Fresh Air Fund, a slum child escapes his drunken mother for a day's outing in the country. Upon arriving, he and the other children are told a story about a mythical land of no pain. Rather then return to the slum at day's end, the lad seeks to journey to that beautiful land beyond the sunset.
ID: 12	TITLE: The Electric Hotel	GENRE: Animation, Short, Fantasy	PLOT: According to the rapid strides that electricity is making in this wonderful age we are not surprised to see in this picture an ideal hotel of the future in which everything is done by electricity. We see a couple entering the hostelry and, after registering, the clerk touches a button and away goes the baggage on to the elevator, which stops at the proper floors and the grips enter the room without the aid of anyone. Many amusing incidents follow. Finally they pay the penalty for all the latest improvements, for something goes wrong with the electric plant in the cellar and mixes the whole place up. We see all the furnishings start to turn in all directions and the unfortunate guests find themselves in the midst of the affray. They manage to get to the door and are tumbled out and rolled across the street till out of the reach of the magnetic force, where they pick up their belongings and hurry home, vowing never to enter another electric hotel.
ID: 13	TITLE: Humorous Phases of Funny Faces	GENRE: Animation, Short, Comedy	PLOT: Considered the first truly animated movie (or at least the first verifiable, surviving animation), this film is based on the lightning-sketch, a popular vaudeville act. The artist (Blackton) draws a series of faces on a blackboard, which then seem to take on a life of their own.
ID: 14	TITLE: The 400 Tricks of the Devil	GENRE: Short, Fantasy	PLOT: Two travellers are tormented by Satan from inn to inn and eventuly experience a buggy ride through the heavens courtesy of the Devil before he takes one of them down to hell and roasts him on a spit.
ID: 165	TITLE: Tarzan of the Apes	GENRE: Action, Adventure	PLOT: The plot follows the novel more closely than does any other Tarzan movie. John and Alice Clayton take ship for Africa. Mutineers maroon them. After his parents die the newborn Tarzan is taken by a great Ape, Kala. Later the boy finds his father's knife and uses it to become King of Apes. Binns, the sailor who saved the Claytons and who has been held by Arab slavers for ten years, finds the young Tarzan and then heads for England to notify his kin. A scientist arrives to check out Binns' story. Tarzan, now a man, kills the native who killed Kala; when their chief is killed the black villagers appease Tarzan with gifts and prayers. The scientist's daughter Jane is carried off by a native, rescued by Tarzan (who has burnt the native village), aggressively loved by him ("Tarzan is a man, and men do not force the love of women"), and at last accepts him with open arms.
ID: 166	TITLE: Ask Father	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: The young couple have decided to marry and it is time to ask the father for the hand of his daughter. Problem is, the father does not want to give the daughter away. So every time he goes to the office to ask the father, he is tossed out. He is ejected over and over, by different methods, while the girl waits and waits.
ID: 167	TITLE: Auction of Souls	GENRE: Drama, History, Romance	PLOT: Aurora Mardiganian, a young and beautiful Armenian girl, lives with her parents in the Turkish city of Havpoul. Her father, a prosperous merchant, was preparing to send her to the West to be educated. For centuries the Armenians had been terrorized by the Turks, but this was a period of serenity between the Turks and the Christian-Armenians. However, the War had hit Europe, and the Turks had informed the American ambassador, Henry Morganthau, in Constantinople, that the Armenians were giving support to the Turks' enemy, Russia. Despite Morgantheau's objections, the Turks issue a decree that the Armenians must be moved southward into the desert. The Turkish governor, a Pasha, comes to Aurora's father and demands she be given him as a bride. The father tells him his daughter will not give up her Christian belief, as she would have to do to marry a Muslim. The governor leaves in anger. The order is given for the removal of the Armenians. The men are separated from the women, and the Armenian soldiers are forced to disrobe and dig a trench, and then are shot down by the Turks. Mothers are torn away from their children and the Armenians are marched away into the desert where, famine, thirst and fierce heat await them. Aurora escapes to a mission school ran by Edith Graham, an English girl. The Turk soldiers surround the school and Miss Graham protests under the protection of the English flag to no avail,as the Turks trample the flag, and the Armenian girls are dragged away. Miss Graham, determined to help the girls as much as she possibly can, disguises herself as one of them and joins the march.
ID: 168	TITLE: Back Stage	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Roscoe and Buster are working at a vaudeville house. When the crew attacks the strongman for bullying his assistant, the man goes out on strike so the crew puts on a show. When the strongman starts shooting from the balcony, Buster rigs a swing, picks him up, and takes him to the stage where is again subdued.
ID: 169	TITLE: Billy Blazes, Esq.	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Western	PLOT: The mining town of Peaceful Vale is a rough place, and sheriff 'Gun Shy' Gallagher can do little about it, since the town is ruled by Crooked Charley, the gambler. Charley runs Pierre the tavern keeper out of town, and takes Pierre's daughter Nell as his prisoner. But when Billy Blazes sees Charley's henchmen harassing Pierre, he rescues Pierre and then proceeds to confront Charley back at the tavern.
ID: 170	TITLE: Broken Blossoms	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Cheng Huan is a missionary whose goal is to bring the teachings of peace by Buddha to the civilized Anglo-Saxons. Upon landing in England, he is quickly disillusioned by the intolerance and apathy of the country. He becomes a storekeeper of a small shop. Out his window, he sees the young Lucy Burrows. She is regularly beaten by her prizefighter father, underfed and wears ragged clothes. Even in this deplorable condition, Cheng can see that she is a priceless beauty and he falls in love with her from afar. On the day that she passes out in front of his store, he takes her in and cares for her. With nothing but love in his heart, he dresses her in silks and provides food for her. Still weak, she stays in his shop that night and all that Cheng does is watch over her. The peace and happiness that he sees last only until Battling Burrows finds out that his daughter is with a foreigner.
ID: 171	TITLE: Bumping Into Broadway	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Young playwright spends his last cent to pay the rent of struggling actress in a theatrical boarding house. Pursuing her, he winds up at a gambling club, where he wins big, just before a police raid.
ID: 172	TITLE: The Busher	GENRE: Drama, Sport	PLOT: Ben Harding is a terrific pitcher for a small-town amateur baseball team. When the Minneapolis Pink Sox, a major-league team, is delayed in his town, Ben's team plays a scrub game against them and the Pink Sox are astonished to see this amateur strike out their best batters. Ben is given a contract with the Pink Sox but his experience in the big city on a major-league team changes him into a rude and pompous lout. Only when his good fortune is reversed does Ben have a chance to right himself.
ID: 173	TITLE: Daddy-Long-Legs	GENRE: Comedy, Drama	PLOT: Wealthy Jervis Pendleton acts as benefactor for orphan Judy Abbott, anonymously sponsoring her in her boarding school. But as she grows up, he finds himself falling in love with her, and she with him, though she does not know that the man she has fallen for is her benefactor.
ID: 174	TITLE: Daddy Long Legs	GENRE: Musical, Romance	PLOT: On a trip to France, millionaire Jervis Pendelton sees an 18 year old girl in an orphanage. Enchanted with her, but mindful of the difference in their ages, he sponsors her to college in New England. She writes him letters, which he doesn't read. After 3 years, he goes to visit her at a dance, not telling her that he is her benefactor. They fall in love, but the usual movie-type difficulties get in the way before they can get together at the end.
ID: 175	TITLE: A Day's Pleasure	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Father takes his family for a drive in their falling-apart Model T Ford, gets in trouble in traffic, and spends the day on an excursion boat. As the boat is about to leave Charlie rushes ashore for cigarettes. As he returns the boat is leaving, but a fat lady has fallen forward with feet on the dock and hands on the deck so Charlie is able rush aboard across her back.
ID: 176	TITLE: The Delicious Little Devil	GENRE: Comedy, Drama	PLOT: A poor hat-check girl loses her job and is forced to get a job as a dancer at a roadhouse. There she falls in love with the son of a rich businessman. The boy's father, believing her to be ...
ID: 177	TITLE: Don't Change Your Husband	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: Leila Porter comes to dislike her husband James, a glue king who is always eating onions and looking sloppy. But after she divorces him and marries two-timing playboy Schuyler Van Sutphen the now-reformed James looks pretty good.
ID: 178	TITLE: For Better, for Worse	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Dr. Edward Meade and friend Richard Burton both love Sylvia Norcross. Both enlist in the military, but Meade stays back to care for deformed children. Sylvia thinks him a coward and marries...
ID: 179	TITLE: From Hand to Mouth	GENRE: Comedy, Short, Action	PLOT: Harold is starving since he has no money to buy food. He may even fight a young starving girl and her starving dog for a morsel. Their unwitting attempts at getting money for food may get them into trouble. But they are helped by a young woman, Mildred. Harold doesn't want to disappoint her, which may be the case when they meet again. But in making things right with her, she may get into a bit a scrap herself with some criminal elements. She is coming into some money fro an inheritance, but she is unaware that the lawyer handling the matter is trying to bilk her out of the money. Harold may yet again unwittingly help her in thwarting the actions of the lawyer while he tries to evade the law himself.
ID: 180	TITLE: The Garage	GENRE: Comedy, Drama	PLOT: The members of a Soviet cooperative have pooled their money to have a badly needed parking garage built. But it turns out that the garage will have four fewer spaces than planned. In brutal Soviet style, the four least-well connected members are evicted from the cooperative in a mock vote, losing their entire investment. But one member, Malayeva, does the unthinkable. As if taking on the entire corrupt Soviet system, she quixotically locks down the meeting room and throws away the key. Chaos reigns through the night until the privileged are forced to negotiate for the first time in their lives. A madcap, rollicking, biting satire that Brezhnev banned.
ID: 181	TITLE: His Royal Slyness	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: An American book salesman (Lloyd) is persuaded to go to the kingdom of Thermosa to impersonate the Prince. He is greeted by a peasants' revolt before the real prince shows up to claim his ...
ID: 182	TITLE: J'accuse!	GENRE: Drama, Horror, War	PLOT: The story of two men, one married, the other the lover of the other's wife, who meet in the trenches of the First World War, and how their tale becomes a microcosm for the horrors of war.
ID: 183	TITLE: The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari	GENRE: Fantasy, Horror, Mystery, Thriller	PLOT: Francis, a young man, recalls in his memory the horrible experiences he and his fiancée Jane recently went through. It is the annual fair in Holstenwall. Francis and his friend Alan visit The Cabinet of Dr. Caligari, an exhibit where the mysterious doctor shows the somnambulist Cesare, and awakens him for some moments from his death-like sleep. When Alan asks Cesare about his future, Cesare answers that he will die before dawn. The next morning Alan is found dead. Francis suspects Cesare of being the murderer, and starts spying on him and Dr. Caligari. The following night Cesare is going to stab Jane in her bed, but softens when he sees the beautiful woman, and instead of committing another murder, he abducts her. Jane's father awakens because of the noise, and he and some servants follow the fleeing Cesare. When Cesare cannot outrun his pursuers anymore, he gently places Jane down on the ground, and runs away. Francis and the police investigate the caravan of Dr. Caligari, but the doctor succeeds in slipping away. Francis pursues the fleeing Dr. Caligari, and sees him disappear into a madhouse. Francis enters the madhouse, where he is sure he will find the truth behind all these mysterious events.
ID: 184	TITLE: Male and Female	GENRE: Adventure, Drama	PLOT: Lord Brockelhurst, his unwilling betrothed Lady Mary, his butler Crichton and scullery maid Tweeny are on Lord Loam's yacht which is wrecked leaving them all to cope on a desert island. Class distinctions fall apart for the time being.
ID: 185	TITLE: The Doll	GENRE: Comedy, Fantasy	PLOT: Because the Baron of Chanterelle wants to preserve his family line, he forces his timid nephew Lancelot to choose one of the village maidens to wed. Lancelot flees to a monastery to escape the forty eager maidens. When the gluttonous monks discover that the Baron is offering a large sum for the marriage, they suggest Lancelot marry a mechanical doll instead. The doll maker has just finished making a replica of his daughter Ossi, but his assistant accidentally breaks it and convinces the real girl to mimic the doll. Lancelot buys her, thinking she is a doll, and takes her back to the monastery, where they are wed.
ID: 186	TITLE: Sunnyside	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Charlie works on a farm from 4am to late at night. He gets his food on the run (milking a cow into his coffee, holding an chicken over the frying pan to get fried eggs). He loves the neighbor's daughter Edna but is disliked by her father. He rides a cow into a stream and is kicked off. Unconscious, he dreams of a nymph dance. Back in reality a city slicker is hurt in a car crash and is being cared for by Edna. When Charlie is rejected after attempting to imitate the slicker, the result is ambiguous--either tragic or a happy ending. Critics have long argued as to whether the final scene is real or a dream.
ID: 187	TITLE: True Heart Susie	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Susie, a plain young country girl, secretly loves a neighbor boy, William. She believes in him and sacrifices much of her own happiness to promote his own ambitions, all without his knowledge. Eventually he rises to a position of success and sophistication, and Susie realizes that she has through her own efforts raised him to a level where he is inaccessible to her.
ID: 188	TITLE: When the Clouds Roll by	GENRE: Action, Comedy, Romance	PLOT: The comfortable and amiable Daniel Boone Brown, a resident of New York's water front, becomes the victim of a mad scientist's psychological experiments. For days, Dr. Ulrich Metz messes up Daniel's life, bringing on failing health, restless sleep, a nervous and irritable disposition, tardiness for work, and superstitions that cause worry and fear. Several months into the ordeal, one of Metz's minions, hired as Daniel's livery, feeds him a midnight snack of spring onions, lobster, Welsh rarebit and mince pie. We see the contents of his stomach causing pain and distress; then he has vivid and surreal nightmares. Will Metz succeed in driving Daniel to suicide?
ID: 189	TITLE: Yankee Doodle in Berlin	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: Captain Bob White, an American aviator is sent on a dangerous mission to Germany to steal the enemy's plans for an expected drive. Bob impersonates a woman in order to entrap the Kaiser whose weakness for women is well known. Bob flirts with the Kaiser, Hindenburg, and the Crown Prince, and each one becomes jealous of the others. Bob lures the Kaiser to his downfall with an Oriental dance. Hindenburg tells the Kaiser's wife that her husband is visiting a woman in her chambers, and the results prove disastrous for all three men. Bob eventually gains the military secrets and the enemy is defeated in time.
ID: 190	TITLE: Deception	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Mystery, Thriller	PLOT: Cat and mouse. Jonathan McQuarry is an auditor in Manhattan, moving from office to office checking their books. While working late, a smooth and well-dressed man named Wyatt Bose chats Jonathan up, offers him a joint, and soon they're pals. When their cell phones are accidentally swapped, Jonathan answers Wyatt's phone to a series of women asking if he's free tonight. Jonathan discovers it's a sex club: busy powerful people meet each other anonymously in hotels. Jonathan falls for one of the club members, whom he knows only as "S," whom he's also seen on a subway. When she goes missing, patterns emerge and Jonathan faces demands involving violence and lots of money.
ID: 191	TITLE: Leaves From Satan's Book	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: After seeing D. W. Griffith's epic Intolerance, Denmark's greatest director, Carl Theodor Dreyer (The Passion of Joan of Arc, Vampyr), was inspired to make his own four-episode historical epic with each story told end to end, anthology-style, linked by theme to the others. The unifying character, Satan, attempts to win God's favor but is doomed to cheerless participation in dark episodes of human history: the temptation of Jesus, the Spanish Inquisition, the French Revolution and the Russo-Finnish war of 1918. Few directors resisted compromise and convention the way Dreyer did; fortunately, the Nordisk Film Company was artistically progressive by Hollywood standards and agreed that this should be a prestige film made to the highest standards. More than two years in production, Dreyer not only directed but also controlled every facet of this ambitious production.
ID: 192	TITLE: Convict 13	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Buster is playing golf with Sybil when he gets knocked out. An escaped prisoner changes clothes with him. Buster goes to prison and learns that he is to be hanged. He changes clothes with a guard just as prisoner Roberts attacks all the guards.
ID: 193	TITLE: Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde	GENRE: Horror, Sci-Fi	PLOT: Based on the story by Robert Louis Stevenson, Dr. Henry Jekyll believes that there are two distinct sides to men - a good and an evil side. He believes that by separating the two man can become liberated. He succeeds in his experiments with chemicals to accomplish this and transforms into Hyde to commit horrendous crimes. When he discontinues use of the drug it is already too late...
ID: 194	TITLE: An Eastern Westerner	GENRE: Comedy, Short, Family, Western	PLOT: A young New Yorker is the bane of his Christian parent's existence because of his constant carousing and partying at all hours. As such, his father decides to send the young man to live at ranch of his uncle in Piute Pass in the wild west to get him away from the New York temptations that lead to this unwanted behavior. Before he even gets to the ranch, the young man gets into one misadventure after another using his New York sensibilities in Piute Pass. His primary misadventure involves a sweet young ingénue, the two who fall for each other at first sight. Her father is being held captive by "Tiger Lip" Tompkins, who owns half the county and bullies the rest with his band called the Masked Angels. The ransom is her womanly favors to him. The young man tries to help free the father so that the young man and the ingénue can live happily ever after together, which does not sit well with Tiger Lip and the Masked Angels.
ID: 195	TITLE: Get Out and Get Under	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: A young man is awakened from a nightmare by the telephone ringing - his girlfriend is calling him, because he is late for an amateur theatrical production. But before he can leave, he gets into an argument with his neighbor. Then, soon after he gets on the road, his car stalls. If he cannot get to the theater quickly, he might be replaced in the play by a rival.
ID: 196	TITLE: Haunted Spooks	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: After numerous failed attempts to commit suicide, our hero (Lloyd) runs into a lawyer who is looking for a stooge to stand in as a groom in order to secure an inheritance for his client (Davis). The inheritance is a house, which her scheming uncle "haunts" so that he can scare them off and claim the property.
ID: 197	TITLE: High and Dizzy	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: After a long wait, a young doctor finally has a patient come to his office. She is a young woman whose father has brought her to be treated for sleep-walking, but the father becomes annoyed with the doctor, and takes his daughter away. Soon afterward, the young doctor shares in a drinking binge with another doctor who has built a still in his office. After a series of misadventures, the two of them wind up in the same hotel where the daughter and her father are staying, leading to some hazardous predicaments.
ID: 198	TITLE: The Last of the Mohicans	GENRE: Action, Adventure, Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: The last members of a dying Native American tribe, the Mohicans -- Uncas, his father Chingachgook, and his adopted half-white brother Hawkeye -- live in peace alongside British colonists. But when the daughters of a British colonel are kidnapped by a traitorous scout, Hawkeye and Uncas must rescue them in the crossfire of a gruesome military conflict of which they wanted no part: the French and Indian War.
ID: 199	TITLE: The Mark of Zorro	GENRE: Action, Adventure, Romance, Western	PLOT: Around 1820 the son of a California nobleman comes home from Spain to find his native land under a villainous dictatorship. On the one hand he plays the useless fop, while on the other he is the masked avenger Zorro.
ID: 200	TITLE: Backyard	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Mystery, Thriller	PLOT: An astonishing fictional account of the unending series of murders of young women in Ciudad Juarez, Mexico, which began in 1996. Most of the victims are low-paid laborers who have been drawn to the town by the possibility of work at American-owned factories. In the film Mexican police officer Blanca Bravo is sent to Cuidad Juarez to investigate and comes to learn realities of these women's lives, as well as the truth about a police force and local power structure embodied by entrepreneur Mickey Santos that has ceased to care.
ID: 201	TITLE: Neighbors	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: Kelly and Mac are settling down in a quiet neighborhood with their newborn child, until the frat brothers move into the house next door. Teddy is the President, and Pete is his right hand man, and they're quick to accept friendship when Kelly and Mac introduce themselves as the neighbors. Night after night, Mac asks Teddy to lower the fraternity's noise, even accepting the invitation to the party one evening. When Teddy goes back on his word to keep the partying down, Mac calls the police to deal with the problem. The police quickly blame Mac for their presence, and the war begins. As the family feuds with the frat brothers, things get hilariously dangerous and the fraternity ends up on thin ice with their college. After receiving their final warning and being placed on probation, Mac and Kelly pull a prank so ingenious that Teddy and Pete are forced to respond. All hell breaks loose, from Robert DeNiro parties to Christopher Mintz-Plasse having sex in the bushes, this comedy shows how things can go really wrong really quickly when a family and a frat house become neighbors.
ID: 202	TITLE: Number, Please?	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Harold is spending the day at the amusement park, unfulfilled and alone. He thinks his day has the possibility of looking up when he spots Mildred, the girl of his dreams, on a date at the park with Roy. Harold thinks he can take Mildred away from Roy. Harold does whatever he can to impress Mildred, while putting Roy in a bad light. Ultimately, Mildred, who has two tickets for a romantic hot air balloon ride, says that she will take that ride with whoever can get the approval from her mother to do so first. Harold gets into one misadventure after another in the entire process, which includes being in possession of a stolen purse, which he is unaware belongs to Mildred and which contains the two tickets.
ID: 203	TITLE: One Week	GENRE: Adventure, Drama	PLOT: Out of the blue, Ben learns he has stage IV cancer; survival, with treatment, is 10 percent. So this risk-averse, slow-to-act, quiet man buys a used motorcycle, says goodbye to Samantha, his baffled fiancée, and heads west from Toronto. He imagines it's a quest for Grumps, a mythical figure from his childhood; he takes digital photos of various "world's largest" roadside attractions; he chats with strangers, including two women; his bike slips on a dead skunk on the highway. Calls to Samantha meet with pleading that he return for treatment and anger that he won't. He doesn't want to be a patient yet. But, will he make discoveries, and what about Grumps? What's important?
ID: 204	TITLE: The Penalty	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Horror	PLOT: Blizzard, deranged from a childhood operation in which both his legs were perhaps needlessly amputated after an accident, becomes a vicious criminal, and eventually mob leader of the San Francisco underworld. Out for revenge against the surgeon who performed his operation, he undergoes brain surgery which has a chance of altering his anti-social behavior.
ID: 205	TITLE: The Parson's Widow	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Horror	PLOT: A young man is elected by a small village to be its parson. As part of his duties, he is required to marry the widow of the parson before him. This poses two problems--first, the widow is old enough to be his grandmother, and second, he is already engaged to another woman.
ID: 206	TITLE: The Saphead	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: Nick Van Alstyne owns the Henrietta silver mine and is very rich. His son Bertie is naive and spoiled. His daughter Rose is married to shady investor Mark. Mark wrecks Bertie's wedding plans by making him take the blame for Mark's illegitimate daughter. Mark also nearly ruins the family business by selling off Henrietta stock at too low a price. Bertie, of all people, must come to the rescue on the trading floor.
ID: 207	TITLE: The Scarecrow	GENRE: Comedy, Short, Family	PLOT: Farmhands Keaton and Roberts share a cottage full of mechanical devices for making life easy. They are rivals for the farmer's daughter. Keaton , disguised as a scarecrow, causes troubles for his rival and the farmer. When Keaton stoops to tie his shoe, the girl accepts what she thinks is his kneeling proposal.
ID: 208	TITLE: Something to Think About	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Wealthy cripple Markley finances the education of blacksmith's daughter Ruth. When she returns to their small town he asks to marry her, but she runs off with city worker Jim Dirk who is then killed in a subway accident. Markley offers to marry her in name only to protect her new son.
ID: 209	TITLE: Way Down East	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: The callous rich, portrayed by Lennox, think only of their own pleasure. Anna is but a poor country girl whom Lennox tricks into a fake wedding. She believes that it is true, but secret, while he has his way with her. When she is pregnant, he leaves her and she must have the baby, named Trust Lennox, on her own. When the baby dies she wanders until she gets a job with Squire Bartlett. David falls for her, but she rejects him due to her past and then Lennox shows up lusting for Kate. Seeing Anna, he tries to get her to leave, but she doesn't, and she tells no one about his past. When Squire Bartlett learns of her past from Martha, the town gossip, he tosses Anna out in a snow storm. But before she goes, she fingers the respected Lennox, as the father of her dead baby and the spoiler of herself.
ID: 210	TITLE: Why Change Your Wife?	GENRE: Comedy, Drama	PLOT: Robert and Beth Gordon are married but share little. He runs into Sally at a cabaret and the Gordons are soon divorced. Just as he gets bored with Sally's superficiality, Beth strives to improve her looks. The original couple falls in love again at a summer resort.
ID: 211	TITLE: Within Our Gates	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Southern negro Sylvia Landry visits her cousin Alma in the north, where there is less racial prejudice than in her home town of Piney Woods in the deep south, and is anxiously awaiting her fiancé, Conrad. But Alma has designs on Conrad and tricks Sylvia into a compromising situation when he arrives, and he abandons her. Disheartened, she returns to Piney Woods to help a reverend running a school for young negroes. Sylvia learns that the reverend hasn't the heart to turn away poor students, and unless he can raise $5,000 to supplement the $1.49 per child per year that the state supplies, the school will be closed. She goes up north again to try to raise the money and has little success, but meets kindly negro, Dr. V. Vivian, who helps her regain her stolen purse. When she saves a child from being hit by an auto, she herself is slightly injured. But the owner of the car is philanthropist Mrs. Elena Warwick, who is sympathetic to her quest and promises to donate the $5,000 to the school. Her bigoted southern friend, Mrs. Stratton, tries to talk her out of the donation, and Mrs. Warwick gets so incensed she raises the amount to $50,000. Her job done, Sylvia returns to Piney Woods. But Dr. Vivian has fallen in love with Sylvia and goes to Alma to try to find her. There he learns the shocking details of her past and that of her family.
ID: 212	TITLE: The Ace of Hearts	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Mystery, Romance, Thriller	PLOT: A secret society holds a meeting to determine what to do about a powerful and dangerous man whom they have been studying closely for the past three months. They all agree that he deserves to die. Two of the members, Farallone and Forrest, are both in love with Lilith, the group's only female member. But Lilith accepts neither of them, preferring to devote herself to the group's cause. When the group meets again and deals cards to all the members, Forrest draws the ace of hearts, meaning that he will be the one to carry out the assassination. Lilith then suddenly agrees to marry him, in order to give him courage. But after their first night together, both of them begin to feel differently about what they have planned.
ID: 213	TITLE: The Affairs of Anatol	GENRE: Comedy, Drama	PLOT: Socialite Anatol Spencer seeks a better relation that he has with his wife. He sets up the friend of his youth Emilie in an apartment only to have her two-time him. He comforts the near suicide Annie only to have her rob him of his wallet. "Satan" Synne, the "wickedest woman in New York," looks promising but she's only plying her trade to help raise funds for her husband's surgery. He decides to return to his wife, with all her faults, only to find her carousing with his best friend Max.
ID: 214	TITLE: Among Those Present	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Mrs. O'Brien is eager to be accepted as part of high society, and she is hosting a fox hunt as part of her plans. Her husband and daughter, though, have no interest in society affairs. Mrs. O'Brien wants to invite Lord Abernathy to the hunt, and she mentions this to the 'society pilot' who is advising her. But this woman and a confederate are merely using Mrs. O'Brien and the hunt for their own purposes. When Lord Abernathy is unavailable, they convince an ambitious young man to impersonate him, so that they can proceed with their scheme.
ID: 215	TITLE: The Wildcat	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: A charismatic lieutenant newly assigned to a remote fort is captured by a group of mountain bandits, thus setting in motion a madcap farce that is Lubitsch at his most unrestrained.
ID: 216	TITLE: The Boat	GENRE: Adventure, Drama, Mystery, Sci-Fi	PLOT: A global cataclysm, caused by a fatal accident in Geneva (Switzerland) during the implementation of the particle accelerator will lead to crew of vessel-school Estrella Polar to live the adventure of their lives.
ID: 217	TITLE: Camille	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: An attractive woman going by the name Marguerite lives in Paris and is a courtesan, kept by the rich aristocrat Baron de Varville. When the handsome young Armand sees her for the first time, he immediately falls in love. Camille is not so easy as to fall for his charms immediately. She lives a comfortable life, after all. As she comes to have feelings for him, Armand's father intervenes asking her not to cast a shadow on his son's future prospects and she agrees. In her greatest time of need however, the loving Armand returns to her.
ID: 218	TITLE: The Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: Julio Madariaga is the Argentine patriarch of a wealthy family. He has two daughters, the elder wed to a Frenchman and the other to a German. He prefers the Frenchman and his family, especially his grandson Julio, causing jealousy from the German and his three sons. When Madariaga dies, the family splits up, each son-in-law returning to his own country. The Frenchman and his own move to Paris, where Julio becomes an artist and has an affair with an unhappily married woman, the lovely Marguerite Laurier. Her husband finds out, but before he can finalize a divorce, World War One rears its head and both sides of the family will endure great suffering in the conflict, especially since they must fight one another on the battlefield.
ID: 219	TITLE: Hard Luck	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Thriller	PLOT: Two converging story lines involving corrupt cops ripping off drug dealers and serial killers are followed as former drug dealer Lucky, trying to go straight after doing a prison stint, gets entangled within by a series of bad breaks. Shepherd plays a sadistic and vindictive mother of a handicapped son who along with her young kung-fu kicking boyfriend, abducts and tortures people who she feels scorn her son. Lucky, caught up in a shootout between dealers and cops, grabs two briefcases with $500,000 and goes on the run and has the hard luck of happening upon the serial killer's cabin.
ID: 220	TITLE: The Haunted House	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Horror	PLOT: Buster is a bank clerk. Overturned glue gets everything, mostly the money, stuck to everything else. When robbers show up he can't "stick 'em up" because his hands are stuck in his pockets. The robbers' hideout is a haunted house designed to scare off police.
ID: 221	TITLE: The 'High Sign'	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Buster is thrown off a train near an amusement park. There he gets a job in a shooting gallery run by the Blinking Buzzards mob. Ordered to kill a businessman, he winds up protecting the man and his daughter by outfitting their home with trick devices.
ID: 222	TITLE: I Do	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: A gay Brit living in New York is deprived of his immigration status, and risks losing his family and life in the U.S. He marries his lesbian best friend to remain in the country and stay with his family, but things get complicated when he meets the love of his life and is forced to make an impossible choice.
ID: 223	TITLE: Vanity Fair	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: The British Empire flowers; exotic India colors English imaginations. Becky Sharp, the orphaned daughter of a painter and a singer, leaves a home for girls to be a governess, armed with pluck, a keen wit, good looks, fluent French, and an eye for social advancement. Society tries its best to keep her from climbing. An episodic narrative follows her for 20 years, through marriage, Napoleonic wars, a child, loyalty to a school friend, the vicissitudes of the family whose daughters she instructed, and attention from a bored marquess who collected her father's paintings. Honesty tempers her schemes. No aristocrat she, nor bourgeois, just spirited, intelligent, and irrepressible.
ID: 224	TITLE: The Idle Class	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: The conflict here is between Charlie the wealthy and alcoholic husband and Charlie the Tramp: the idle rich and the idle poor. In the opening scene wealthy Edna descends from a Pullman car while the Tramp crawls out from under another one. At a fancy masquerade ball Edna's husband appears as a knight whose visor is stuck closed. The Tramp shows up, running from the law, and is mistaken for the husband. Edna finds the new "husband" more to her liking than the real one. When true identities are revealed, a fight breaks out and the Tramp is ejected.