ID: 0	TITLE: Cinderella	GENRE: Drama, Family, Fantasy, Romance	PLOT: A girl named Ella (Cinderella) has the purest heart living in a cruel world filled with evil stepsisters and an evil stepmother out to ruin Ella's life. Ella comes one with her pure heart when she meets the prince and dances her way to a better life with glass shoes, and a little help from her fairy godmother, of course.
ID: 1	TITLE: A Kiss in the Tunnel	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Romance	PLOT: A train moves down the track. In a car, seated next to each other in a companionable way, is a couple who are reading, probably wife and husband. As the train enters a tunnel, the man abandons his reading, turns to the woman, and kisses her; she is somewhat reluctant. As the train leaves the tunnel, they return to their books.
ID: 2	TITLE: The Enchanted Drawing	GENRE: Animation, Short, Comedy	PLOT: An easel holds a sketch pad upon which Blackton draws a cartoonish face of a man. He makes the cartoon react by giving it wine, cigars, and a top hat. Objects magically go into the drawing--becoming part of the cartoon image, and out of the drawing--becoming physical objects again.
ID: 3	TITLE: The Countryman's First Sight of the Animated Pictures	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: A satire on the way that audiences unaccustomed to the cinema didn't know how to react to the moving images on a screen - in this film, an unsophisticated (and stereotypical) country yokel is alternately baffled and terrified, in the latter case by the apparent approach of a steam train
ID: 4	TITLE: The Story of a Crime	GENRE: Animation, Short	PLOT: Noises at night made by rude neighbors cause the very friendly and peaceful Vasily Mamin to commit a crime. The cartoon serves as an explanation as of why such a brutal crime is committed at the beginning. It is a flashback at how Mamin spent his last 24 hours before the crime.
ID: 5	TITLE: History of a Crime	GENRE: Short, Crime, Drama	PLOT: La cella di un condannato a morte. L'uomo sta dormendo e sogna il passato che lo ha portato in prigione : vita frenetica, cattive amicizie, alcolismo, l'assassinio di un cassiere di banca. Alla fine sogna di arrampicarsi sulla forca, ed improvvisamente si risveglia...
ID: 6	TITLE: Uncle Josh at the Moving Picture Show	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: A side-splitter. Uncle Josh occupies a box at a vaudeville theatre, where a moving picture show is going on. First a dancer appears on the screen. Uncle Josh jumps to the stage and endeavors to make lover to her, but she flits away, and immediately there appears upon the screen the picture of an express train running at sixty miles an hour. Uncle Josh becomes panic-stricken, and fearing to be struck by the train, makes a dash for his box. He is no sooner seated than a country couple appear upon the screen, at a well. Before they pump the pail full of water they indulge in a love-making scene. Uncle Josh thinks he recognizes his own daughter, jumps upon the stage, removes his coat and prepares to chastise the lover, and grabbing the moving picture screen he hauls it down, and to his great surprise finds a kinetoscope operator in the rear. The operator is made furious by Uncle Josh interrupting his show, and grappling with him they roll over and over upon the stage in an exciting encounter.
ID: 7	TITLE: The Great Train Robbery	GENRE: Short, Action, Crime, Western	PLOT: Among the earliest existing films in American cinema - notable as the first film that presented a narrative story to tell - it depicts a group of cowboy outlaws who hold up a train and rob the passengers. They are then pursued by a Sheriff's posse. Several scenes have color included - all hand tinted.
ID: 8	TITLE: Life of an American Fireman	GENRE: Short, Action	PLOT: Porter's sequential continuity editing links several shots to form a narrative of firemen responding to a house fire. They leave the station with their horse drawn pumper, arrive on the scene, and effect the safe rescue of a woman from the burning house. But wait, she tells them of her child yet asleep in the burning bedroom . . .
ID: 9	TITLE: The Music Lover	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Music	PLOT: A marching band appears, and the band-leader prepares to give them the music for the song he wants them to play. He has prepared a large staff above their heads, and he now creates notes by making duplicates of his own head, placing them on the staff, and completing the notes with sticks and other implements taken from the band members. When he has finished, the players attempt to perform the music that has been written in such an unusual fashion.
ID: 10	TITLE: Fairyland: A Kingdom of Fairies	GENRE: Short, Adventure, Fantasy	PLOT: At the royal court, a prince is presenting the princess whom he is pledged to marry, when a witch suddenly appears. Though driven off, the witch soon returns, summons some of her servants, and carries off the princess. A rescue party is quickly organized, but the unfortunate captive has been taken to a strange, forbidding realm, from where it will be impossible to rescue her without some special help.
ID: 11	TITLE: The Land Beyond the Sunset	GENRE: Short, Drama, Fantasy	PLOT: Thanks to the Fresh Air Fund, a slum child escapes his drunken mother for a day's outing in the country. Upon arriving, he and the other children are told a story about a mythical land of no pain. Rather then return to the slum at day's end, the lad seeks to journey to that beautiful land beyond the sunset.
ID: 12	TITLE: The Electric Hotel	GENRE: Animation, Short, Fantasy	PLOT: According to the rapid strides that electricity is making in this wonderful age we are not surprised to see in this picture an ideal hotel of the future in which everything is done by electricity. We see a couple entering the hostelry and, after registering, the clerk touches a button and away goes the baggage on to the elevator, which stops at the proper floors and the grips enter the room without the aid of anyone. Many amusing incidents follow. Finally they pay the penalty for all the latest improvements, for something goes wrong with the electric plant in the cellar and mixes the whole place up. We see all the furnishings start to turn in all directions and the unfortunate guests find themselves in the midst of the affray. They manage to get to the door and are tumbled out and rolled across the street till out of the reach of the magnetic force, where they pick up their belongings and hurry home, vowing never to enter another electric hotel.
ID: 13	TITLE: Humorous Phases of Funny Faces	GENRE: Animation, Short, Comedy	PLOT: Considered the first truly animated movie (or at least the first verifiable, surviving animation), this film is based on the lightning-sketch, a popular vaudeville act. The artist (Blackton) draws a series of faces on a blackboard, which then seem to take on a life of their own.
ID: 14	TITLE: The 400 Tricks of the Devil	GENRE: Short, Fantasy	PLOT: Two travellers are tormented by Satan from inn to inn and eventuly experience a buggy ride through the heavens courtesy of the Devil before he takes one of them down to hell and roasts him on a spit.
ID: 465	TITLE: The Hollywood Revue of 1929	GENRE: Musical	PLOT: Conrad Nagel, representing the Hollywood movie community, and Jack Benny, representing the Broadway stage community, act as the interlocutors of a musical comedy revue. A plethora of chorus boys and girls are featured front and center in some of the song and dance numbers, and provide back-up to some other acts. But the revue primarily is a vehicle to highlight a cavalcade of Hollywood movie and Broadway stage stars. One early running gag has both Nagel and Benny playing straight man to Cliff Edwards, who just wants a nice introduction to his act. Edwards would return later to be featured along with the Brox Sisters in one of the highlights of the second act, a production number around the song "Singin' in Rain", complete with rain soaked stage. A reprise of the song with the entire cast acts as the revue's finale.
ID: 466	TITLE: The Hoose-Gow	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Stanley and Oliver protest that they were only bystanders to the raid, but are hauled off to a prison labor camp anyway. They procede with their usual mayhem, Stanley getting his pick stuck in Oliver's coat, Oliver chopping down a tree which just happens to contain the guard lookout post. When the Governor's party happens by, Oliver accidentally pokes a hole in his car's radiator, then attempts to stop the leak by filling the radiator with rice. The result is melee with all involved throwing clumps of soggy rice at each other.
ID: 467	TITLE: In Old Arizona	GENRE: Romance, Western	PLOT: Army Sergeant Mickey Dunn sets out in pursuit of the Cisco Kid, a notorious if kind-hearted and charismatic bandit of the Old West. The Kid spends much of his loot on Tonia, the woman he loves, not realizing that she is being unfaithful to him in his absence. Soon, with her oblivious paramour off plying his trade, Tonia falls in with Dunn, drawn by the allure of a substantial reward for the Kid's capture -- dead or alive. Together, they concoct a plan to ambush and do away with the Cisco Kid once and for all.
ID: 468	TITLE: The Iron Mask	GENRE: Adventure, Drama, History, Romance	PLOT: King Louis XIII of France is thrilled to have born to him a son - an heir to the throne. But when the queen delivers a twin, Cardinal Richelieu sees the second son as a potential for revolution, and has him sent off to Spain to be raised in secret to ensure a peaceful future for France. Alas, keeping the secret means sending Constance, lover of D'Artagnan, off to a convent. D'Artagnan hears of this and rallies the Musketeers in a bid to rescue her. Unfortunately, Richelieu out-smarts the Musketeers and banishes them forever. Richelieu enlists D'Artagnan to look after and protect the young prince. Meanwhile, de Rochefort learns of the twins and Richelieu's plans, and kidnaps the twin, raising him in secret. Many years later, with Richelieu dead and the young prince crowned King Louis XIV, Rochefort launches his plan. The king is kidnapped, replaced with his twin, put in an iron mask so as not to be recognized, and led off to a remote castle to be held prisoner. Louis XIV is able to alert D'Artagnan, who realizes that only his friends Athos, Porthos, and Aramis can help him, so he reunites the Musketeers to derail Rochefort's nefarious plot but at a heavy toll.
ID: 469	TITLE: The Karnival Kid	GENRE: Animation, Short, Comedy	PLOT: Mickey is selling hot dogs at a carnival next to the tent for Minnie the Shimmy Dancer. He gets into an argument with the barker. Minnie beckons him over to her trailer; he shows off the tricks his pups have been trained to do, and she picks one. It climbs onto the bun but runs away when she bites in. Later that evening, Mickey plays guitar and two cats sing outside Minnie's window; they eventually awaken someone, who throws things at them until they stop.
ID: 470	TITLE: The Letter	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Film-Noir, Mystery, Romance	PLOT: The wife of a rubber plantation administrator shoots a man to death and claims it was self-defense. Her poise, graciousness and stoicism impress nearly everyone who meets her. Her husband is certainly without doubt; so is the district officer; while her lawyer's doubts may be a natural skepticism. But this is Singapore and the resentful natives will have no compunction about undermining this accused murderess. A letter in her hand turns up and may prove her undoing.
ID: 471	TITLE: Liberty	GENRE: Comedy, Short, Family	PLOT: Two escaped convicts (Laurel & Hardy) change clothes in the getaway car, but wind up wearing each other's pants. The rest of the film involves their trying to exchange pants, in alleys, in cabs and finally high above the street on the girders of a construction site.
ID: 472	TITLE: The Love Parade	GENRE: Comedy, Musical, Romance	PLOT: Queen Louise's cabinet are worried that she will become an old maid, and are delighted when she marries the rougish Count Renard. Unfortunately, he finds his position as Queen's Consort unsatisfying and without purpose, and the marriage soon runs into difficulties.
ID: 473	TITLE: Lucky Star	GENRE: Animation, Comedy	PLOT: Having fun in school, doing homework together, cooking and eating, playing video games, watching anime. All those little things make up the daily life of the anime-and chocolate-loving-Izumi Konata and her friends. Sometimes relaxing but more than often simply funny.
ID: 474	TITLE: Marianne	GENRE: Horror	PLOT: Emma, a famous and successful French horror writer, is forced to return to her hometown after the woman who haunted her dreams fifteen years ago begins to re-appear. The work she writes is ...
ID: 475	TITLE: Men O'War	GENRE: Short, Comedy, Family	PLOT: Two sailors on leave, Stanley and Oliver meet two girls at a park and invite them to have a soda. Unfortunately, the boys have only enough money to split theirs, a point which Oliver can't seem to get across to his friend. That problem is solved when Stanley hits the jackpot on a slot machine. Now with enough money to hire a boat, they start a battle-royal with other boaters, with everybody eventually winding up in the lake.
ID: 476	TITLE: People on Sunday	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Edwin, a taxi driver, lives with Annie, a neurasthenic model. They plan to spend Sunday at the Nikolassee beach with Wolfgang, an officer, gentleman, antiquarian, gigolo, at the moment a wine salesman. After an argument, Annie stays at home while Edwin joins Wolf. Wolf has brought along a new girlfriend, Christl. Brigitte, Christl's best friend, joins the group. Brigitte is the manager of a record shop. At the beach Wolf tries to kiss Christl but she rejects him and he turns his attentions toward Brigitte, who is more receptive. Wolf and Brigitte go off together and he seduces her. Back on the beach, Wolf and Erwin, now tired of their dates, flirt with two other women as Brigitte and Christl look on, appalled. They have small satisfaction when the men have to borrow money from them to pay for the paddle-boat they were renting. As they part at the end of the day, Brigitte hopes Wolf will see her next Sunday, but he and Erwin have other plans. The bond between the two men is the one that counts. They have really spent the Sunday with each other. Edwin returns to his flat to find Annie still in bed. The next day he is driving his cab. Wolf is selling wine, and Brigitte is selling records, all waiting for next Sunday.
ID: 477	TITLE: The Mysterious Island	GENRE: Adventure, Romance, Sci-Fi	PLOT: On a volcanic island near the kingdom of Hetvia rules Count Dakkar, a benevolent leader and scientist who has eliminated class distinction among the island's inhabitants. Dakkar, his daughter Sonia and her fiance, engineer Nicolai Roget have designed a submarine which Roget pilots on its initial voyage just before the island is overrun by Baron Falon, despotic ruler of Hetvia. Falon sets out after Roget in a second submarine and the two craft, diving to the ocean's floor, discover a strange land populated by dragons, giant squid and an eerie undiscovered humanoid race.
ID: 478	TITLE: Navy Blues	GENRE: Comedy, Drama	PLOT: On shore leave, a young sailor meets and falls in love with a pretty young blonde. He goes home with her to meet her parents, but they don't approve of him at all. Their daughter takes offense at this, and in the ensuing argument she storms out of the house determined to live on her own. She believes that her new boyfriend will marry her, but when he admits that he's not the marrying kind and then goes back to sea, she feels hurt and rejected and her life goes into a downward spiral.
ID: 479	TITLE: Our Modern Maidens	GENRE: Drama, Comedy	PLOT: Young vivacious Billie uses her charms on influential businessman Glenn Abbott in hopes of getting her secret fiancée Gil a diplomatic appointment. Meanwhile Gil's affections meander to beautiful ingenue Kentucky, Billie's best friend. After securing Gil's appointment, Abbott is crushed to learn of Billie's impending marriage. What Billie didn't count on was Gil getting Kentucky pregnant. This throws her wedding day into scandal and creates turmoil in the lives of the youthful quartet.
ID: 480	TITLE: Perfect Day	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Plans for a nice Sunday picnic seemed doomed even before Stanley and Oliver and their families get into the car. First the boys get into a fight and destroy all the sandwiches. Then the car itself keeps acting up, requiring repeated exits and reboardings by the boys, their wives and grouchy, gout-ridden Uncle Edgar. A brick-throwing tiff with a neighbor threatens to escalate into general mayhem until the local parson strolls by. They finally manage to get underway, steering toward an innocent-looking mud puddle in the street.
ID: 481	TITLE: A Throw of Dice	GENRE: Adventure, Drama, Romance	PLOT: With King Ranjit visiting him, King Sohat sees an opportunity to kill his young cousin and take over his kingdom. One of Sohat's henchmen fells Ranjit with a poisoned arrow, making it look like a simple hunting accident. Ranjit is taken to the home a healer who has withdrawn from society and lives in a simple hut with his beautiful daughter Sunita. Ranjit survives and love blossoms between between him and Sunita and they are soon engaged. Sohat now sees an opportunity not only to get control of Ranjit's kingdom but also Sunita as his own bride. On eve of Ranjit wedding, Sohat challenges him to a game of dice. Ranjit heartily agrees not realizing Sohat is using crooked dice.
ID: 482	TITLE: The Swamp	GENRE: Animation, Short	PLOT: Little Betty Jane (a paper doll) who represents the vulnerable and innocent among us - as all children do but especially little girls. As young girls we have no idea what we would be facing...
ID: 483	TITLE: Queen Kelly	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Prince Wolfram is the betrothed of mad Queen Regina V of Kronberg. Supreme ruler, her word is law and he is a playboy. On maneuvers as punishment for partying with other women, he sees Kelly walking the the other students of a convent. He is intrigued by her beauty and wants her. He kidnaps her that night from the convent and takes her to his room and professes his love for her. When the Queen finds them together the next morning , she whips Kelly and throws her out of the castle. Regina then puts Wolfram into prison for not wanting to marry the Queen. Kelly goes to German East Africa to visit her dying Aunt and is forced to marry the disgusting Jan. The Aunt dies after the wedding and Kelly refuses to live with Jan and becomes the head of Aunties Brothel. Her extravagances and style earn her the name 'Queen Kelly' and Prince Wolfram does not marry Queen Regina V.
ID: 484	TITLE: Rio Rita	GENRE: Comedy, Music, Musical, Romance	PLOT: After being fired from their jobs as clerks in a pet store, Doc and Wishey, a couple of bumpkins, hide in the trunk of a car that they think will take them to New York. Somehow, however, they end up in Texas where they help to facilitate the romance of a popular Latin singer and the owner of a resort hotel while exposing a gang of Fifth-Columnists.
ID: 485	TITLE: The Skeleton Dance	GENRE: Animation, Family, Short, Comedy, Horror, Musical	PLOT: The night promises to be a scary one. Lightning flashes. The wind howls. A tree branch in the shape of a hand seems to grab for a frightened owl that spins its head around like a top. The clock on the church tower strikes midnight, sending the bats flying out of the belfry. Two cats on gravestones fight by pulling and stretching each other's noses like taffy. A skeleton rises from behind a gravestone, frightening the fur off the cats. But an owl's hooting scares it, and it retaliates by throwing its skull and knocking the bird's feathers off. It's time for the skeletons to dance; and they perform as no living creatures could.
ID: 486	TITLE: Speedway	GENRE: Comedy, Musical	PLOT: Elvis Presley sings his way around the race circuit as successful speedway driver Steve Grayson. All is fine and dandy until the tax return submitted by a wise-cracking Bill Bixby (as Steve's manager) is scrutinised by the IRS. Will Elvis be able to raise the $145,000 to pay his tax bill? Will he succeed with his advances to IRS inspector Nancy Sinatra? Will the songs get any worse? Well, you didn't expect the likes of Hamlet did you?
ID: 487	TITLE: Spite Marriage	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: Elmer is a dry cleaner. He is madly in love with stage star Trilby Drew; for each of her 35 performances, he dons someone else's tuxedo and races to the theatre. When Trilby's co-star boyfriend gets engaged to a socialite, she marries Elmer to get even, assuming Elmer is a millionaire (since his clothes are so snazzy.) But she's clearly still in love with her scoundrelous co-star, and her manager makes her leave Elmer, trying to pay him off so the papers don't hear about her marriage to a "cheap pants presser." Can Elmer win her love? Maybe a sea voyage will help.
ID: 488	TITLE: Old and New	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: 100.000.000 peasants - illiterate, poor, hungry. There comes a day when one woman decides that she can live old life no longer. Using ways of new Soviet state and industrial progress she changes life and labor of her village.
ID: 489	TITLE: Diary of a Lost Girl	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Thymiane is a beautiful young girl who is not having a storybook life. Her governess, Elizabeth, is thrown out of her home when she is pregnant, only to be later found drowned. That same day, her father already has a new governess named Meta. Meinert, downstairs druggist, takes advance of her and gets Thymiane pregnant. When she refuses to marry, her baby is taken from her and she is put into a strict girls reform school. When Count Osdorff is unable to get the family to take her back, he waits for her to escape. She escapes with a friend and the friend goes with the Count while she goes to see her baby. Thymiane finds that her baby is dead, and the Count has put both girls up at a brothel. When her father dies, Thymiane marries the Count and becomes a Countess, but her past and her hatred of Meta will come back to her.
ID: 490	TITLE: That's My Wife	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Oliver stands to inherit a large fortune from his rich Uncle Bernal, with the condition that he be happily married. But when Mrs. Hardy walks out just before Uncle Bernal is due for a visit, Stanley is pressed into duty (and into drag) to impersonate Oliver's loving spouse. He's convincing enough to earn a pass or two from a drunk at a nightclub, but when a stolen necklace gets dropped down his dress, attempts to recover it disclose Stanley's true gender.
ID: 491	TITLE: They Go Boom!	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Stanley's attempts to treat Oliver's cold include dropping a swab down his friend's throat, applying a mustard plaster to his rump, and inflating the air mattress from the gas jet until it has Oliver pressed against the ceiling.
ID: 492	TITLE: Un Chien Andalou	GENRE: Short, Fantasy, Horror	PLOT: A surrealistic film with input from Salvador Dalí. Director Luis Buñuel presents stark, surrealistic images including the slitting open of a woman's eye and a dead horse being pulled along on top of a piano. A mysterious film open to interpretations ranging from deep to it all meaning absolutely nothing. It is certain that this short (17 minute) film presented something new in the cinema of its day.
ID: 493	TITLE: Unaccustomed As We Are	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Oliver invites his friend Stanley over for a nice home-cooked meal, but Mrs. Hardy wants nothing to do with it and walks out. Mrs. Kennedy, Oliver's beautiful neighbor from across the hall,...
ID: 494	TITLE: The Virginian	GENRE: Western	PLOT: The Shiloh Ranch in Wyoming Territory of the 1890s is owned in sequence by Judge Garth, the Grainger brothers, and Col. MacKenzie. It is the setting for a variety of stories, many more based on character and relationships than the usual western.
ID: 495	TITLE: Wild Orchids	GENRE: Romance, Drama	PLOT: Lillie Sterling comes with her husband, John, on a business trip to Java, expecting a second honeymoon. On the ship, she witnesses Javanese Prince De Gace mercilessly whipping a servant and shrinks in horror from the sight. When John is befriended by the Prince, who is very attracted to Lillie, she tries to have little to do with him. During a conversation in their room, John is called away to answer a wire, and the Prince steals a kiss in his absence, for which she slaps him. So she is understandably upset when John accepts the Prince's invitation to stay at his plantation in Java when he promised to arrange a tiger hunt. She tries to dissuade John from going, but John says he always wanted to shoot a tiger and she is being unreasonable. Once at the plantation, John is too busy to pay much attention to Lillie, and when he is away, the Prince tries to seduce her. Lillie flees in tears after another kiss, afraid of her own emotions. Finally, she embraces the Prince when he tries again, after John has left to see other plantations. But he returns early and sees their silhouette against the shade, his first awareness of what was going on. Alerted by the sound of the gate opening, the Prince quickly sends Lillie to her room and substitutes a servant in his arms. But the ploy doesn't work as John find Lillie's trinket on the sofa. John suggests tiger hunting at night and goads the Prince into going with him. A tiger is spotted and when the Prince lifts his gun and fires, it becomes apparent John removed the bullets from his gun. Stunned by facing both the tiger and an angry John with a loaded gun, he flees, with the tiger in pursuit. John raises his gun and fires.
ID: 496	TITLE: Wrong Again	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Among the horses stable hands Stanley and Oliver are tending is a thoroughbred named "Blue Boy." But when they overhear two men talking about a $5000 reward for the return of the stolen "Blue Boy," they miss the part about it being the painting, not the horse. They get the owner's address, though, and bring the horse along to claim the reward. They wonder at the rich man's instructions to put "Blue Boy" on the piano but, Oliver explains, "these millionaires are peculiar."
ID: 497	TITLE: All Quiet on the Western Front	GENRE: Drama, War	PLOT: This is an English language film (made in America) adapted from a novel by German author Erich Maria Remarque. The film follows a group of German schoolboys, talked into enlisting at the beginning of World War 1 by their jingoistic teacher. The story is told entirely through the experiences of the young German recruits and highlights the tragedy of war through the eyes of individuals. As the boys witness death and mutilation all around them, any preconceptions about "the enemy" and the "rights and wrongs" of the conflict disappear, leaving them angry and bewildered. This is highlighted in the scene where Paul mortally wounds a French soldier and then weeps bitterly as he fights to save his life while trapped in a shell crater with the body. The film is not about heroism but about drudgery and futility and the gulf between the concept of war and the actuality.
ID: 498	TITLE: Animal Crackers	GENRE: Comedy, Musical	PLOT: Captain Spaulding, the noted explorer, returns from Africa and attends a gala party held by Mrs. Rittenhouse. A painting displayed at that party is stolen, and the Marxes help recover it. Well, maybe 'help' isn't quite the word I was looking for--this is the Marx Brothers, after all...
ID: 499	TITLE: Anna Christie	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: In New York, the alcoholic skipper of a coal barge Chris Christofferson receives a letter from his estranged twenty year old daughter Anna "Christie" Christofferson telling that she will leave Minnesota to stay with him. Chris left Anna fifteen years ago to the countryside to be raised by relatives in a farm in St. Paul and he has never visited his daughter. Anna Christie arrives and she is a wounded woman with a hidden dishonorable past since she had worked for two years in a brothel to survive. She moves to the barge to live with her father and one night, Chris rescues the sailor Matt and two other fainted sailors from the sea. Soon Anna and Matt fall in love with each other and Anna has the best days of her life. But when Matt proposes to marry her, she is reluctant and also haunted by her past. Matt insists and Anna opens her heart to Matt and to her father disclosing the darks secrets of her past.
ID: 500	TITLE: Another Fine Mess	GENRE: Comedy, Short	PLOT: Homeless, penniless and one step ahead of the police, Stanley and Oliver take refuge in the home of big-game hunter Colonel Buckshot while the owner is on safari. When Lord and Lady Plumtree call to enquire about renting the house, Oliver pretends to be Colonel Buckshot, while Stanley masquerades as both butler and maid. All goes as well as can be expected, with Lady Plumtree and Stanley, in his guise as "Agnes," engaging in girl talk, until the real Colonel Buckshot returns unexpectedly.
ID: 501	TITLE: The Bat Whispers	GENRE: Crime, Thriller, Horror	PLOT: Despite advance warning to the police, who seal off the area, The Bat, a master criminal, steals a necklace from the safe in the house of a rich socialite. He leaves a note saying he is going to the country to give the police a rest. Pausing only to rob a bank at Oakdale, he proceeds to terrorise the occupants of a lonely country mansion, in a mixture of thrills, chills and laughs. At the end, an actor steps forward through a proscenium arch and asks the viewers not to reveal the Bat's identity to their friends. A film noir shot in black and white, mainly at night in dimly lit scenes.
ID: 502	TITLE: Below Zero	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: In the dead of winter, street musicians Stanley and Oliver aren't getting much business in a run-down neighborhood, and then their instruments are smashed in a run-in with a formidable woman. Their luck seems to turn when they find a wallet full of money, but are about to lose it to a thief when a passing policeman chases the thug off. The boys treat the officer to a meal, but when Stanley pulls out the wallet to pay, the cop recognizes it as his own. Rather than running them in as pickpockets, he pays his own tab and leaves Stanley and Oliver at the mercy of the gruff headwaiter.
ID: 503	TITLE: The Big House	GENRE: Crime, Drama, Thriller	PLOT: After a manslaughter conviction from drunk driving, nice but foolish Kent is sent to a prison over-crowded and unable to properly deal with it's inmates. There he meets veteran criminals like Morgan and his hardened pal Butch. And the system punishes them all, turning them against each other and bringing out the worst.
ID: 504	TITLE: The Oregon Trail	GENRE: Western	PLOT: In 1846, a reporter for the New York Herald joins a wagon train bound for the Oregon Territory. He hopes to confirm a rumor that President Polk is sending in soldiers disguised as settlers in order to strengthen American claims to the Territory.
ID: 505	TITLE: The Big Trail	GENRE: Adventure, Western, Romance	PLOT: Breck leads a wagon train of pioneers through Indian attack, storms, deserts, swollen rivers, down cliffs and so on while looking for the murder of a trapper and falling in love with Ruth.
ID: 506	TITLE: The Bishop Murder Case	GENRE: Drama, Mystery	PLOT: The murders start with the body of Robin. He is found with a arrow through the heart, but Vance deduces that the body was placed and not found where he was killed. The note found dealing with the murder was part of a nursery rhyme and signed by 'Bishop'. The only witness may have been Mrs. Drukker and Adolph, but they are not talking. As the murders progress, each one is accompanied by a nursery rhyme. It is up to Philo Vance to unravel the clues and unmask the identity of the murderer 'Bishop'.
ID: 507	TITLE: The Blue Angel	GENRE: Drama, Music	PLOT: Germany 1924. Middle aged Dr. Immanuel Rath is a literature professor at a boys college. Most of his students don't much like him, often calling him "unrath" - German for garbage. Dr. Rath learns that many of his boys often frequent a cabaret called Der blaue Engel - the Blue Angel - which he believes is corrupting their impressionable young minds. He heads to the Blue Angel himself to catch the boys in the act and shame them into not going again. Over several visits, Rath is able to catch the boys, but in the process he also understands what attracts the boys, namely the headlining performer Lola Lola. Rath falls under Lola's spell, he who falls in love with her - and she seemingly with him - so much so that he wants to marry her and give up his teaching career to be with her on her travels from cabaret to cabaret. Their relationship ends up not being what either envisioned, the question being how they will both deal with their disintegrating relationship and the reasons behind that disintegration.
ID: 508	TITLE: Blotto	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Stan purloins his wife's secret bottle of liquor to have a wild night out at the Rainbow Club with Ollie. However Mrs Laurel has replaced the booze with a noxious mixture of cold tea, mustard power and other hot ingredients. This doesn't prevent the boys from getting tipsy on the contents!
ID: 509	TITLE: Brats	GENRE: Comedy, Short, Family	PLOT: Stanley and Oliver are trying to spend a relaxing night at home playing checkers, but the antics of their mischievous sons keep interrupting their recreation. Exasperated, the fathers send their misbehaving offspring to bed and start in on a furniture-destroying game of billiards. Upstairs, the kids continue to cause a ruckus and leave the bathtub faucet running full force. Finally, Oliver asks if they'll go to sleep if he gives them each a drink of water, then heads for the bathroom door.
ID: 510	TITLE: City Girl	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Lem goes to Chicago to sell the wheat his family has grown on their farm in Minnesota. There he meets the waitress Kate. They fall in love and get married before going back to the farm. Kate is accepted by Lem's mother and kid sister but is rejected by his father, who believes she married for the money. (And the fact that Lem didn't get a fair price for the wheat is her fault too). The reapers arrive and quickly they make things even more complicated by making their move on Kate. Lem misunderstands the situation and believes Kate is actually interested. In despair Kate leaves the farm and Lem goes looking for her.
ID: 511	TITLE: Escape from Dartmoor	GENRE: Crime, Drama	PLOT: Flashback story of an escape from the lonely, high-security Dartmoor Prison. A jealous barber's assistant is enraged by the attentions that his manicurist girlfriend pays to a customer. He threatens the customer with an open razor and lands in gaol.
ID: 512	TITLE: The Dawn Patrol	GENRE: War, Drama	PLOT: In 1915 France, Major Brand commands the 39th Squadron of the Royal Flying Corps. The young airmen go up in bullet-riddled "crates" and the casualty rate is appalling, but Brand can't make the "brass hats" at headquarters see reason. Insubordinate air ace Captain Courtney is another thorn in Brand's side...but finds the smile wiped from his face when he rises to command the squadron himself. Everyone keeps a stiff upper lip.
ID: 513	TITLE: The Divorcee	GENRE: Romance, Drama	PLOT: Jerry and Ted are young, in love, and part of the New York 'in-crowd'. Jerry's decision to marry Ted crushes a yearning Paul. Distraught Paul gets drunk and wrecks his car, disfiguring young Dorothy's face in the process. Out of pity, Paul marries Dorothy. Years later, the apparent perfect marriage of Ted and Jerry falls apart from infidelity on both sides. Inwardly unhappy, popular Jerry lives a party life while Ted sinks into a life of alcoholism. Jerry then runs into Paul, who still loves her. After spending time together with Jerry, Paul plans to divorce Dorothy. When Jerry sees Dorothy again, she has second thoughts about where her life is heading.
ID: 514	TITLE: The Doorway to Hell	GENRE: Crime, Drama	PLOT: Lou Ricarno is a smart guy. His plan is to organize the various gangs in Chicago so that the mugs will not liquidate each other. WIth the success of his leadership, Louie prospers, marries Doris and retires to Florida to write his autobiography and play golf. In his absence the gang warfare flares, but he does not return as he wants to give a respectable image of life to his wife, younger brother and his Florida neighbors. While letters and telegrams from Mileaway will not influence his decision, events will.
ID: 515	TITLE: Feet First	GENRE: Comedy	PLOT: Ambitious shoe salesman, Harold, unknowingly meets the boss' daughter and tells her he is a leather tycoon. The rest of the film he spends hiding his true circumstances, in the store and later on a ship. Trying to deliver a letter, he later finds himself dangling high above the street on a building's scaffolding.
ID: 516	TITLE: The Florodora Girl	GENRE: Drama, Musical, Romance	PLOT: A chorus girl gets bad advice from her fellow chorines in handling a rich suitor who assumes she is a gold-digger. But she assumes he is after "one thing" and is holding out for marriage. After meeting his mother, she learns that her beau is engaged to a society girl. He loses his money and they drift apart. But after making a new fortune, he comes to the theater.
ID: 517	TITLE: Easy Come, Easy Go	GENRE: Adventure, Comedy, Music	PLOT: Navy frogman, Ted Jackson (Elvis Presley), balances his time between twin careers as a deep sea diver and nightclub singer. During a dive, Ted spots sunken treasure and returns with hope to retrieve it.
ID: 518	TITLE: Free and Easy	GENRE: Comedy, Musical	PLOT: Gopher City Kansas hosts a beauty contest. The winner, Elvira Plunkett, and her mother go to Hollywood. The Chamber of Commerce also provides Elvira with an agent, Gopher City's own Elmer J. Butz. Elmer likes Elvira and the shy Elvira likes him, but Mrs. Plunkett, a formidable woman, has little use for hapless Elmer. On the train west, they meet movie star Larry Mitchell, who takes a shine to Elvira and helps her meet MGM directors once they get to Tinsel Town. Elmer, meanwhile, wants to help Elvira with her career and he also wants to be her man. Movie stardom does come to the Gopher City entourage, but to whom is a surprise. And who will win the lovely Elvira's hand?
ID: 519	TITLE: The Girl Said No	GENRE: Comedy, Romance	PLOT: Tom Ward is just back from College and the only thing that he seemed to learn is how to be obnoxious and loud. He forgoes a bank job to work at Sutton and Company just to make time with Mary, McAndrews' fiancée. Mary warms to Tom, but his work is such that his job is history. After losing his father, it is up to Tom to support and care for his family. His attitude towards work changes, but not his attitude towards Mary.
ID: 520	TITLE: Hell's Angels	GENRE: Drama, War	PLOT: Two brothers attending Oxford enlist with the RAF when World War I breaks out. Roy and Monte Rutledge have very different personalities. Monte is a freewheeling womanizer, even with his brother's girlfriend Helen. He also proves to have a yellow streak when it comes to his Night Patrol duties. Roy is made of strong moral fiber and attempts to keep his brother in line. Both volunteer for an extremely risky two man bombing mission for different reasons. Monte wants to lose his cowardly reputation and Roy seeks to protect his brother. Their assignment to knock out a strategic German munitions facility is a booming success, but with a squadron of fighters bearing down on them afterwards, escape seems unlikely.
ID: 521	TITLE: Hog Wild	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Mrs. Hardy insists that Oliver mount the radio aerial on the roof before he goes off gallivanting with his friend Stanley. But with Stanley's assistance, Oliver spends more time falling off the roof than atop it. Making one last attempt, Oliver climbs to the top of a ladder he's mounted on his Model T Ford, but just then Stanley accidentally starts the car. A wild ride through the streets of Culver City culminates in an unscheduled streetcar stop.
ID: 522	TITLE: Just Imagine	GENRE: Comedy, Fantasy, Musical, Romance, Sci-Fi	PLOT: New York, 1980: airplanes have replaced cars, numbers have replaced names, pills have replaced food, government-arranged marriages have replaced love, and test tube babies have replaced ... well, you get the idea. Scientists revive a man struck by lightning in 1930; he is rechristened "Single O". He is befriended by J-21, who can't marry the girl of his dreams because he isn't "distinguished" enough -- until he is chosen for a 4-month expedition to Mars by a renegade scientist. The Mars J-21, his friend, and stowaway Single O visit is full of scantily clad women doing Busby Berkeley-style dance numbers and worshiping a fat middle-aged man.
ID: 523	TITLE: King of Jazz	GENRE: Animation, Music	PLOT: This revue presents its numbers around the orchestra leader Paul Whiteman, besides that it shows in it's final number that the European popular music are the roots of American popular music, called Jazz.
ID: 524	TITLE: Ladies of Leisure	GENRE: Drama, Romance	PLOT: Jerry Strong is the son of a rich businessman, but wants to be a painter. He hires Kay Arnold, a good girl with a bad past, as a model. They fall in love, and plan to get married. But Jerry's parents raise strong objections.