ID: 620	TITLE: Waterloo Bridge	GENRE: Drama, Romance, War	PLOT: On the eve of World War II, a British officer revisits Waterloo Bridge and recalls the young man he was at the beginning of World War I and the young ballerina he met just before he left for the front. Myra stayed with him past curfew and is thrown out of the corps de ballet. She survives on the streets of London, falling even lower after she hears her true love has been killed in action. But he wasn't killed. Those terrible years were nothing more than a bad dream is Myra's hope after Roy finds her and takes her to his family's country estate.
ID: 621	TITLE: Way Back Home	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Jeong Yoon is a caring wife and mother and a sensitive woman who finds herself plunged into a legal ordeal thousands of miles from home. After years of planning, she and her husband Jong Bae open an auto body repair shop, only to see everything they've worked for stripped away when a loan Jong Bae had guaranteed defaults. Facing financial despondency, the couple gets into a vicious fight about money, sending Jeong Yeon away, leaving only a cryptic note saying she'll be back in a few days. When she turns up looking nervous at Orly Airport in Paris with over 30 kilograms of cocaine in her luggage, it is the beginning of a globe-spanning nightmare that began with an old friend and a tempting proposition.
ID: 622	TITLE: À Nous la Liberté	GENRE: Comedy, Musical	PLOT: A famous left-wing satirical comedy about two ex-convicts, one of whom escaped jail and then worked his way up from salesman to factory owner, where he oversees a highly mechanized operation where the workers are reduced to mere automatons. Fearful of being exposed over his past, at first by his friend and later by another gangster, the owner chooses to give his factory to the workers, then escapes with his friend to the freedom of the open road. The production company for "A Nous la Liberte" was for more than a decade embroiled in a lawsuit claiming that Charles Chaplin had seen their film and plagiarized many ideas from it as he developed "Modern Times."
ID: 623	TITLE: Faith	GENRE: Drama, Fantasy, History	PLOT: When Princess Nogoog (Se-Young Park), the queen-to-be of the medieval kingdom of Goryeo (Korea)is seriously wounded by assassins, the king (Deok-Hwan Ryu) sends Captain Choi Young (Min-Ho Lee) through a miniature wormhole to what he thinks is heaven, but is actually 21st-century South Korea, to bring back "God's Doctor" of ancient legend. Instead he brings back a reluctant plastic surgeon and spoiled brat, Dr. Yoo Eun-Soo (Hee-Seon Kim). She saves the princess' life and becomes known as Eui Seon, the great doctor from heaven. Unfortunately, while this position is privileged, it is also dangerous as no fewer than three politicians, the king and his uncle (Yoon-Jae Park) and a nobleman (Oh-Seong Yu), fight over her custody. But she grows increasingly attached to Choi who dedicates himself to protecting her by playing the politicians against each other; although, he tries to favor the king as long as the latter's interests do not conflict with Yoo's. He is aided by a large cast of warriors and members of the underworld and is opposed by the henchmen of the nobleman, some of whom have superpowers.
ID: 624	TITLE: American Madness	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: It's the 1930s, the Depression era, and the Board of Directors of Thomas Dickson's bank want Dickson to merge with New York Trust and resign. He refuses. One night, Dickson's bank is robbed of $100,000. The suspect is Matt Brown, an ex-convict whom Dickson hired and appointed Chief Teller. Brown, who's very loyal to Dickson, refuses to say where he was that night. He actually has two witnesses for his alibi, Mrs. Dickson and fellow worker Cyril Cluett, but Brown is protecting Dickson from finding out that Mrs. Dickson was with Cluett having a romantic evening. Cluett, who has a $50,000 gambling debt, is actually responsible for the robbery, but lets Brown take the rap. Will Brown's loyalty to Mr. Dickson pay off, or send him back to prison?
ID: 625	TITLE: The Animal Kingdom	GENRE: Comedy, Drama, Romance	PLOT: Tom Collier has had a great relationship with Daisy, but when he decides to marry, it is not Daisy whom he asks, it is Cecelia. After the marriage, Tom is bored with the social scene and the obligations of his life. He publishes books that will sell, not books that he wants to write. Even worse, he has his old friend working as a butler and Cecelia wants him fired. When Tom tries to get back together with Daisy to renew the feelings that he once felt, Daisy turns the tables on him and leaves to protect both of them.
ID: 626	TITLE: Any Old Port!	GENRE: Short, Comedy	PLOT: Stan and Ollie check into a seedy hotel and help a young girl escape the clutches of the landlord (Long). They are forced to flee the hotel with no money and Ollie arranges for Stan to fight at a local boxing hall for $50. Stan's opponent turns out to be Musgy who uses a loaded glove. During the fight the glove is swapped and Stan triumphs only to find that Ollie has bet their fee that he would lose.
ID: 627	TITLE: As You Desire Me	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: Budapest bar entertainer Zara is a discontented alcoholic who is pursued by many men but lives with novelist Carl Salter. A strange man (Tony) shows up on Salter's estate claiming that Zara is actually Maria, the wife of his close friend Bruno. Maria, Tony claims, had her memory destroyed during a World War I invasion ten years ago. Zara doesn't remember but leaves with Tony to Salter's dismay. Bruno, now an officer in the Italian army, tries to coax Maria's memory back on his large estate. No one is really sure if Zara is Maria, and when Salter shows up with a mental case that he claims is the real Maria, everyone on Bruno's estate is desperately searching for the truth.
ID: 628	TITLE: Babes in the Woods	GENRE: Family, Animation, Short, Comedy	PLOT: Two Dutch children stumble on a clearing in the woods where gnomes are going about their business. The gnomes are friendly to the children. A witch comes and takes them away on her broom to her gingerbread house, where she turns nasty on them, turning the boy into a spider, her yowling cat to stone, and tries to turn the girl into a rat when a gnome's arrow stops her. While the gnomes are fighting the witch, Hansel and Gretl free the other children who have been imprisoned and transformed by the witch.
ID: 629	TITLE: A Bill of Divorcement	GENRE: Drama	PLOT: After spending fifteen years in an asylum, Hilary Fairfield escapes from the institution after regaining his sanity. He finds that things at home are different than when he left them. His wife has divorced him and is already planning her next marriage, and his daughter has grown up throughout the years and is planning to marry as well.